# Voice memo 3 (source duration 3:02:29) — raw transcript segment, split from combined RTF export

“when he's done in his business and it's not short of remarkable. Heed it in a $21 million acquisition of his company hormcycics by Sutism, one of the largest transactions and pharmaceuticables and biotech history. His latest venture son of therapeutics is a publicly traded company that currently has a market cap of half billion dollars. and by the way, this guy has everything he has touched in his career has turned to old. so this is thatiration name say. most importantly he actively contributes to women rock causes, uhapical world, uh continuous supporting the animalual contributions of his own totally not hundreds of millions of dollars. 
It could this eight before that to learn a little bit more about your story gentmen, please give it up for the whatever we Bob.. that.. I' sitting there on the sl who the hell is that? now. say that every single thought today, I just mentioned the backstage. 
It's not a person alive. It has an ad the chall is the problem errors and have had had that energy that overcome of chall problems and there is about winches, and ability to give taxes you get. There is no...vert guys that we're all in, but they' hard time we look at, that's why I went out in the first four letters about here E E A L the line. readers edit the show and... those numbers are dynamic, right? 
I mean, it 13key today, 12 tomorrow, A, the next day, four, the next, is my head said, I don't really pay attention to that. I pay attention to it. What difference what impact I have life in? 
I know of a very basic Charlie of the tea, of the trunk programs that he put it on and a grandard down or what the group is put it on here, we all haven't heard that made a difference... anything, how do you? How do you make that? And money? 
I have really some definitions today and we'll see what really drives me, and I think you'll see that I opinion with you. within the of ethics inality, the question is not, right? No, no, no. I mean it seems like there'sical to say, this is WE a wealthy wealth Westernore of the word wealth. 
WE AL wheel. What what is the arcade definition of wealth Avenue? What would you say money? 
money doesn't buy happyiness?alth doesn't buy a happ as?alth you are your health it doesn't your your happy doesend on your wall. 
Why is it wealth and happiness to end an end? Because when you produce wealth, you better product it. Wh what part are the three basic challenges you get to be happy? 
Overcoming various consideration, upset, failures, and succeed in any way, you're happy you did it compemplace good things coming up. Hopefully you came into the room, you were gonna hear Charlie and Bobby were happy. I learn these two guys. 
And then the final one is good things happy to and good things happen all the time, because there's other people around that would like to see you have you, resume is amazing with it just pointed out. I guarantee there's just said I' know a really successful person as an overcome and person ads give us this sort of reflection point that is the biggest group of you overcome that led success later, but produce well, I help other than coming out and I know this woman getting slide on the ass with as I, you know and land and being people like this. So life is full of challenges all the time. 
There's is one harmony that has succeeded in my pres It didn't give me day or a week remember. I' what I know and I would have done for all of them. So I say I'm a champion of. 
I say I about it, you don't know can't hurt you. But when you find out about it, you shave your head, here's the bottom line an individual, I love the word genius more about it as we talk with. G needs to bring about to be you get work here. 
It has been news user thousands and thousands of year. forth contain. So a genius is you a container of the ability to bring things about that happen. That's that's just a basic of light. you hear a game this whole game of life is to create. without people creating you're not here, I'm not very tri matter, this building is here, there's nothing here without creating. 
So given that that's the case, and a common denominator to life is survived, did you know that the early be the word survive serves being super and B used to live in a man that puts a future there. So it's all offering a valuable affluent abundant future there, so the notion be began to step in and I'm glad I' here. and if you a chance to come back and I up back and I like thatate, that's what it's about. Well, our definition is happy, be productive, is a part of life, everybody's life, and everybody wants that, and when give the chance to do it, but plant has a tendency of holding down,ashing down, there's no use with money money money is a form of energy. 
Life is about energy. It's why your ability to use the energy and vector directed in a direction to take great survive the super life. But I want teach you when you leave today or whenever you want to get a chance to look at the word survivor. 
It's in the dictionary as the ad aology and they serving her. Where'd you ever hear that? You' 20, you never heard that before. 
I had heard either two months ago. What does this definition of this word survive? Superhe, you're kidding me. superike and not when I look around, okay, archaic definition well, happy, where' that come from? 
So look up your wordsape and one willow pitch over, go to the end of the hall.ord small, the action are inaction in life. They don't start and then you do the ad jump jump beside jump on what they call a jumping. But we're a proclivity to have 10, 20, 30, 50 meetings. 
So if you don't understand it all, I sure you get to the etymology of the word for you comfortable with a b above, you. I. you soire by, when we stud... There's on. when I was a kid, I, you not. 
I't, you. I invent my definition is like, you work hard and get off. I got to the, what's the definition of work?
letion ofintention. energy smack completed your intention, then get entered last. So yes, I work. Yes, I went to school for six years. 
I attended school every day when I was at school. I played a sport at your girlfriend and I was busy on anybody else, I did not target get in a degree, but I learned you take me, you take the experience of years and far out, six of my top company came out of that I met at the. was involved in the Internet exploation. I built a company who made an improve that had to be digitiz a fortunate to a part of that I was that I had no idea what I know there's hot wires in the sky and I and I got that. that's really cool. 
I mention of uh communication from my friend transcript Mr. Har, and I said that that mention back and forth that would be helping communicate better, either that format is a digital handsome glove to that one this is gonna work. and the identities going on the Internet. So work, yes, I attend school. Education, yes, I say. 
I'm not educated, I'm not sitting here in front of you today, and I should implore and encourage everyone to get educated in ways it can really help them, but know your words, know who you are, and we'll get into a little more that and what was the education that help you in control and in that? Well, that was that was the career. that for the guy. He said, you're investing money for playing all all. and he said, I just don't want to be a guy who people what they do you know, oh, I listened toug and that fire. 
I got a job. And he got he gotopped. He started a little hot talk stands. 
I woke up back around 20 miles from my home the reached and I. It was this shit, but I had one rule, I nervous terror. I said, I don't. I went around, I finally found a girl who was her husband who signed by Tuesday cook as an ad cookies by someone. 
I said a necessity talking toby, right? But I was five hours later, they hard, say you gotta eat them when they're fresh, so that cook said we'll we'll sell that cooking, and I realize that it would go hard for the baby so I found that I was looking at a newspaper, now I'm in, right? Now I get curious, it's it's a geniusit characters a curiosity. 
I reading the newspaper section, I'll I learn how to read my reading four se and playing a game of that, I reading now that a cook section recipe and gets into this recipe and then said this is the most up in the world and the read, oh God, basketball, I sent it in the paper, and they said, well, each of the rescue back in that day, and then said 30, four I set up for the end you promised in ten days and then six day, I need to see this recipe. two days later I got the rescue. I took a recipe and took the raisins and a coconut out and I used it in with the nested chocolate it became the number one selling chocolate.. a hot was very crowed and we were the second world and you couldn't, you off.s of cur cur... you to work for canor the cell orat and, theate for normal self, and they don't realize it, butl they like, they go fast and go fast and go longer, they will consume the volume and the source of will elaborate what happens. So we've come along in medicine with chemotherapy radiation to resolve issues of cancer. and you say the word canered, it scarely crap off, right? 
congratations. survived. help you the medicine. is the medicine of you and you and your attitude to and what is your attitude here? And you are you really in and compliment whatever approach you take or resolving, your chances are best. telling you not survive. When I saw the justress, they saw. 
I have to the meeting and I come. And then I was my brother, my doctor was possible. and I said I don't out just said and goes, we're gonna get you right hair. and I got the right hair. I know that approaching the collection, I and said he had a care down be the my wife. 
So it is amazing what you doing, and you had an post. Yeah, here's a really you your life to say..G, but they' so so what what does control the body? 
It's a body. What is there anything else there other than the body? Well, actually, if you are no words for 1828 person dictionary, you look up the word spirit, that the immaterial immortal, and intelligent aspect of a human body, which is 22 years old, and I looked at that and I go, that's it for me. 
I totally got it. That's my favorite great model. I'm an athlete, and I know in athletic, there's a moment where you move, you shoot, you catch your passion run and it says, where does that cover? 
It's not that your DNA or somewhere on your brain. That's you observing the noise. NASA. 
The sign happens to visit to your. NASA time to move you move on it, let's go. And someone says, you know it' gonna be successful, and I say, no, but I do writing in. it's the intention that I have to be completion. 
Do you not get in and get something and it's true you cancer the medicine. Do you decide you're gonna live or not? And you decide, you're gone, you'll go improves the there's you to understand and and employ everyounce energy you have to discover what does you mean, what is spiritual capability? 
immortal and infinite? OK, from the very beginning, where that is there' infinite amount of time, you're gonna be here in this body or not, you are back of this energy, which money is a form of energy. What this virtually? 
is that nothing nothing that has the ability to create in the physical universe as something. That's pretty damn hard.. That's you, and don't forget about. they get going talk, you go, okay, no test where this guy died said the other day. 
What can I do? What's one thing I can do, and that's not gonna come from a section of your brain or your DNA. It's gonna come from you, and begin to build out and validate that, and then look at the wordgenius, and there's 24 traces that is now various associated with genius that are your inate in more inherent ability to make a electro right to make this survive, original definition, the action definition, super abundance, to make wealth, happiness, and an abundance all talk about. 
It makes it with is the miracle of life to you to get here shares with you. you when he writes about he's an immediate visit. That's a powerful lot and one time he goes against him and he still survives in the lead. He probably not being in Germany is incredibly powerful. 
We all know that. And so is you're welcome. and it's also true for you. just have that or belie that you can do it start with, there must be a solution to this. I'm gonna do it, I'm not giving up on this, and then things will work out. 
I tell you again, every company that has been successful I've been apart, I had that one, I looked at the, but I wasn't thinking because I would done journal has a little symbols in your life that what they. But you are a surfer... Yeah, yeah, I was the business an allergy here. there exclus to, I'm 16 years old and I'm looking in California about, and I hear about somebody a server and I just felt attracted to it and I'm looking through a serious robot Miller on the first guy of the planet that or a mail order surfboard. 
It was a I got aboard and a little series robot note back then what, you know, this was back in the 60, that they were on to something big, but they didn't know, you know, not Amazon just you grew right up and it did this thing. But certainly is the mostore because you're catching a an energy wave it's a wave, right? And I love ways and of energy. 
It's an energy weight, and when all of a sudden you got get all you've got with what's coming your wave and you paddle when to stand up, when do they do, when it turn, and you just all, so once it's done, you're just like, woo, it's an impressive time experience it's hard to you just't explain in words, but once you do it is it just like, I know, you just run down and you... I you know, I love great great services. I here in the audience, but but I'm good okay. 
I use a lot of money. favorite cooperated. see the? everybody's got see the. big ways guys guys going out to serve and you got a mentor and he's trying to get out in the big ways that did weerve? We just look here and then tell me what you're thinking in the background that the guy comes back two days on what you think about. 
I mean, what's out here for? There's a wave to get out in that wave and right against the rock, the wave's coming against the rocks and they can't go through, so the water pushes the back and it also goes out. along side of this one, you get your board and get right out and bunch of these places, some of them are 2030 feet high. You go through them, it takes a guy is really strong and make that happen. 
But it just to or line. observe the first step incompetence for each of us is observed with your ability. and I mean really use that nephew, how do you observe? You proceed and get indised. my class wife and say just front two women. You've never seen a five of these two women. 
They beat each other up and when they got rob, the woman who was bitch got back up, she was trying extra strong as she was. He had a better just the first. this guy walk away. He began making the first two is not gonna make it. 
He didn't, he got hit in in the, he cracked up like, whoa, and then I did not look it right out and instead of coming back the guy, he was tentative, and I knew he knew that he learn went that. and I didn't paid a j lot cred and I just pound enough there. You know that like a real man. these are two great people, but my spirit was my combin with Russians, right? shit. 
He got top to Jake and he said he yeah, that's the way you like taking you get back up stand in the down and all of a sudden you mig. I think people up at Mike this is that. Just to get in that word at 5958 and go to. the guy after your age and box lights around 9 o'clock place. show the sort of perseance that each ind the game like, and that's you always be, right? 
win something you're in, and when you're in, why we pardon? You're be pardoned out. go in all in? everything you got your go come back? 
Well, I mean, a lose is is a month.s not a company that got all the time you really lose is you quit before you lose, is just one second before, you put I a company that was gonna do an ethanet, uh, uhocated and AT was so powerful, and you just could not get it through the wall of the that ETED guys that the reality we' right here and we owe out a million so you let them go later million that investig all the, I just right with it right with what you doing you doing what you doing no problem. But don't walk out a loser because you're the victim, you do not walk away as a victim, is not tag you and stay with me. The victor, be the handled hail, shut it down and you want you, but don't walk out, Lucy hand it, you. you don't have to be that. and you don't do it, you realize who you are. 
You, you make life go. You did that first survive. You bring them afterwards combound success, and as not come back, you're gonna come back here, you win. 
It mentioned particular, what that means. It's very important. networks called, like, I UC go to a UC system and like four and the virtue like 24.ination population and I lost to about this UC cash, so it's a UC Santa mark.'s by and a good call there I met a gentleman named her and had a work master and went to Sanford where VHD on on investment and his that at end to a, not enough about theory rash standard in our rotation on the. beot and use a a lecture at UCSP and uh which was class we talk about how small r companies. And yeah, I really thought that was cool. 
I had as a kid, I looked at my sports page. I was a stock page, and I played a game, which are the problems of like six different columns who would have stock you can't make money without working for it, you want it wrong, so I was looking into the stock standard look at the company.. had to work with the money. So was talking about how was and and I wanted to come after, I attended this class to for a great I. I really correct. 
I heard on my sense in, so matter for money. I'm. I know where you know.. 
And research in California and had an investedirm reinvest. There are Boulevard in B Hills. I didn't know how do that I gave an obst Bouleard Hills, we can work together, you, I do I help and I started $5,000 half a million, another seven million, I investors on all that really have regard to herb measure her really to the basic investigate before you. 
I. And answer? I was I served him. So what did you what are you do you on a power? 
you service the hell off? I a little bit, but when all the movie stars showed up on on one party, turns out they pay $1 million. for write a test kind of appeared in there. and how you know, no way paid a name. color religion, everybody aspect for population. to experience that prayer, they want. We do this right here on this plan this back, and the rest of the world will be an envy and we will beond you are. measure we were all measure. 
I not you. I' we measure by you. You give it get this an exchange and keeping that exchange.uring your kids, measure your your neighborhood. your part of life, you're a greatest sand on the beach, if the other gra disappear, your grand sand, that's not too much. 
But if other people are out there operated shoes, they're really not the beach. and we know man times the beach. We gotta hit our heads around mankind, not just around I French and you around and we should have known each other hours and cross we got off. We don't have a we have to yesterday and all this is this is, specific. take a lot of companies, you know, I have yielding that taking a there's a lot of tri embarrassed. 
You know, random still, you know, it's necessary to scale up. I'm saying, well, it's like you're the opposite, you know, you scale up other ways, and you don't have to deal with Gary Gessler, he has a CI general thing you have to say? Yeah, well, yeah, it is not life you are you expressing yourself, and you'll express yourself from a view point of complex the environment in which you live, right? 
So, uh, I think it has to be evaluated the big juicy kind of metapolism, itogy you get a multiple times earnings and times seconds, whereas in the whole day, you take the shotsi egg, there there was no multiple of earings that the horse had to use to build the Shopi good, which is looks as good today that did the day they built that I give those people a lot of credit for the buy of it of America, a lot of credit. Now, you take your company, you do a billion business and get $15 billion in value for your business, because the guy Ryan deals it over the next hundred5 years, because he paid enough money to pay you that $15 billion and that not such a great mechanism to expand capital and to grow capital without UNI I lose UN.'s not one lose game. It's a win for game. 
So you have a visit that you want to capitalize and and expand significantly, publication good, because you could pay your fellow patriots in your company, you pay money, and you pay them from options throughout them, and they get involved. I here, as a member of the. just one of our we're sitting in in in Wood side, California's a great ways you at Woodside.s an outside Silken Valley, yeah, in in Mar Nancyi Juan. Everybody knows N Chicago Blackland, nice guy, a very actable guy. 
McGee, she's star you aan W. is and I know I don't I recognize him too.ript the bigger that they' everybody asking me to say, well, let's just walk in out of the wave if he walk by and he says hello and I say hey, this isgie's on angry we just wanted to say hello you. one of the top ten inch and he look right over the back, number one of 10. Then when they' leaving, you use the picture time. My son's there, I'm there, and he's there, and you are trying to take a picture yet I receive right eight and a picture. 
You walk right up to the, is. you're one on one.ude This guy's worth3 million dollars and he just a one on one. My next day be in the exact household, I said, as you want, and we' know everybody knows has anybody. Yes you want, just said that our CEO is number one I want to pay attention to her, we have you. 
He's her in Germany, she got a magic and normal, your hand on. It's all about our story, your story and your potential story is what you can do you if you believe you don't believe it's real hard to you the you know, in the space. I like that. didn't answer my question. 
Yes, I said it situation. I mean if you grow wannaap out, it's the least cost of money. That's where you after, what's the least cost of money? 
If you're a ski on or a wealthy family, and you don't need any more money, you might value your privacy more than reading the Charlotte in, you bringolders in recognize they are owners of that business and you have to treat it as subject. We have a rule of the confidence that our own. Good news, we get it out to you as it is appropriate in a context of what we're doing. 
Bad news, we validate and get it out to your right right. No doubt know why give me a moment, I'll fix it. This bad should be your order.. 
You to our intermedi, we discussed an answer and a lot of big of an, we start we stop over anybody have anything to say, I don't hear anything, they walk off this. I value you as shareolder and participant. What you think about the business count, you own it, right? 
You want to new go. I like that energy of other people want to me and you do low. That's how I like out., are, but uh red tape, and I believe it's easy do I get my actual. he's a very guy. he is sub and overcome those defeats and you know, visit from his dad for his head all the things he's had to overcome and he stands up for life and he said, hey, we gotta be a lot of excited, why are we here? 
He's defining survive. why are we here? If it's not for time to be and make things go right ourselves. It's here, more time being in the NBA. 
The winners are practice tomorrow way, why do I might this sport tomorrow? It's really all about woody, but all about woody is all about being able to lose and get back up and play the game again with the knowledge of what happens, the cost the loss is you won't be do it again and you're gonna be better at it because you can have that experience, and you then go to a mentor view because people have always push power in the direction that you depend on and never underestimating about the value of validation to the source of someone gave credit. They've noticed you, they've noticed you. 
Life is if nobody notices you or you you do not notice anyone else. We're here to be honest, so do good things and you'll be noticed, you'll feel good about it. That's just it's a wave. 
It's a communication one. You know we get along well we communicate. I loveery, but when they areustrated, from the poor sky and to the youngest kid, you're walking by and you right by them and say,ola, right back at you, equal. 
Hola,omo stop, right away there after that New York City.... I wasn't afraid what you say. New York, the environmental. you know, I mean the ris isation 21 million far. the biggest ad you double investment banks and people here are a lot of people smell, smaller, big have bags builders shorts. 
The kind of like, when you swimming sharks and you, I saw for 95% and the other five percent. a headline.. I got into medicine and gave it good. and he said, what's missing in medicine, there's one word missing in the medicine that's. medicineicine and additional therapy, especially between candid, is decidedly non friendly.. what's the third definition of Fred in or dictionary? An alliedor across this world. 
What did Charlie? And he mentioned it when he saw his doctor, he saw a malignant,ignantalignant, but somebody said, Charlie, these, I think you could make it. Charlie took that he said he thinks I could make it. 
He said, I'm gonna do it. The guy who said, Charlie, you know, you take your do that you're gonna do, you're gone. knows you see you five days or not. Charlie would have made it, but most people wouldn't, right? 
So, this this whole thing about what what you believe what you believe in in terms of pushing my Lord is really validating those validating you is really wild. And in the world of medicine, we came into a friendly and it stole the show. That's what everything wanted the most important thing is, what am I do about? 
By the way, what that my the way, how it? But the first thing I'm gonna get rid of this bank and don't get the guy that you know, isict him for a drug out. Weim adapt in the. 
I think that' involved.. You're you're hurting brothers and those are looking at you. those are you, you hire an attorney, therefore puttinging is to run run the show. That first is working for you and a good friend of mine, I said, you. realized that attorneys are working for you, you're not working with that your pain you're working with you. 
So what's true for you, what's true for you is probably a powerfulraid as I be you today. What's true for you? that you as you're not the. 
You look, how do you? do you think what you think? What the hell you your life? 
You may have a breakthrough obsession, people you don't. I do people are they'd be out, they were not. and they didn't want, and we built their multiillion dollar business. I want they transition from communist in the capital, you started an outdoor billware visit and he started expanding fast in six months and learn how speakroat, he did American things. 
He wanted be success of the life. his following said, we went to the library, I' gonna read a book on Ted Turner and a billboard, he came back home. and I've never seen you so upset. all day long I open the libraryrity and I want to find out about Ted Turner and Billbert and copy when he did there aren't any books? Next day he scratched his house and when you'reagging it, you're happy. And yeah, I figured out there reason that there's no books, it's a really comfortable business I't tell anybody about. that's how we' gonna do it. and you went over there and yearsmedi. what's true for you? 
That's that's what you have your energy. How much you have? You're not telling you to do something. 
You're teaching telling you. I'll do it whatever later I wanna do it. I do you really wanna do something, and then people will look at you that get there. 
There's a vibration of belief and has a vibration when you have others did, and when they get it to share with you and you win, they loved them for that, and you loved them or articipating, and they learn from you or leading out. I can I. I had a wrapping up onaction and I, let's write a first here and what are we gonna say? and I sit back, you know, you guys and to talk about. 
I what was it really nobody has? eight turn, 10 bang, and nobody can ride a preview press release. me. I should have. 
I have to be tired. I's like times it' really wild, but always always to participate, even if you assign some tab, give them the right to fail and give them the full freedom to do it, but you gotta be willing it might fail, you gotta take it up and can't my feel the time is you know, good.. perceptive is alsoricted. I can see in that third round and he didn't come back with Mike that he that he was when he was 28, it's over and Jacob. 
I gave a lot of the boxing boxing well, but he finish it we be really upset advertising our knocked out, and we just feel good about. I right because about royalty. Yes and you know, this sports might be a great high school.. two minutes left.ust. 
There is aust the connection that involves given back finally logical I and I found them in a bar economist. I found that a go. I day I. I, I drove my car through and I catch a dog and I distracted in my car along a little bridge and I'm into my car and goes down, I find out you can get a lot. 
So I mean, the streak is has a lot of people on. and all money down and I didn't want to tell everybody to laugh at me, I broke in Spanish and there big, they will get you out. And and they got me out and I said, I'm coming back. What do you guys need when you guys at this is Friday to sixth, is a party time and we need Whiskey. 
So, by hour and a half hours back, that wasoniskey. so then the next day I came back I keep his format, and said, how thebar psychology rep Puerto Rico, let's he know, he said there's a 24,actors to hand and UFC these, because they have potential and everyone and I give I give them all all. So for that going on, I' wanna show you a little video of what's occurred in Arabic, every community, every culture has to slump on. We don't we've give it lot. and I' sick or funny and expect. 
There're on drugs and crazy, and we know what happens when are we going would be great.. down the. and they accepted responsibility for each one of them being a genius and leading a life of true survival and wealth, and I'm asking you to do the same thing. of the American system of theox in the morning changed lives. May said, each is all the better by quality. contro. I'm having one last night. 
I've had a survey what I mind, who I live here? What are the things you would really like? If basically had this caration, it just was totally terrible. 
I said, tell you, one we wanna be educated, and two, tell us, we loved the word. I' written thatript. you, I met the right people and you met the right guy, but it was human kind being a human man. They wanted the NBA and they loved their work. and that is true for everybody that's ever been on this planet except the total derelict which has got in is very urgent, you need to tell it that. 
They' talk about the first. the signal lineoof and really give people rock wallet and theyated sand, maybe, you know, land grade, uh, and just do really well in your own life and then reach out and shut up that. You go to like.com, you alltimate. And if you think you do, I try to do that, then you are in inherites inside and irreversible. 
So even if you're don't knowmedi, you can't get rid of it, okay? So then it might find out what can do for you before you ignore it, in there look at it, and you will just see yourself growing and expanding each day, and here's the trick share it and notice it in others, because it is in others, whether they know it or not, and you see, this is real. We we are hum kind isorn with the capacity and the earth that make a error for the as you as being as.. 
We' one more time...., so aren't that very excited half years as well? you know, one of the things that we start looking at them we putting a c men together with we start going into the 50. Who are the relationships like you have? 
not just friends, but with their our ecosystems about the relationships that we have, they can share insights and perspective on things. They're happening at top levels of the organization of the world worldines you, world. The interior, from goldA. 
I mean, that is like the top top top little language crisis is in the situation we're trying to figure out how to solve it. So we start looking at all our relationships and fortunately, about a year and a half ago, maybe two years ago, we brought somebody into our organization who was a embodies what it needs to operate the highest level, seeing the transactions, seeing businesses with paid, seeing billions and millions of dollars of of money and transactions move around again. fortunately, we were able to bring in within their organizations and as our team. But he's got 15 years of an experience in investment management with the biggest funds in the world. 
The people that are literally controlling the world. he was in inside I. He was the global head of treasury of KKR, which is they have over $500 billion in assets of mar a massive company. He managed billions of dollars in cash on a dayday basis. Has anybody seen 250 million in account in account for? 
How about 50 million in thiscraft? How about 10 million in an account? This guy was managing billions of dollars on a deity basis. 
He managed deals, he structured deals. he helped get deals funded in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Before TAR to spent nine years at service, uh, which is they're running about $100 million to any. These are like the top players in the private activity game, and we are blessed to now have him as our CFO and our COO of our adventures. ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the stage for any Valentino. 
Who wants to build raise his dollars in play? All right. I'm in the right place, so I'm here today talking about private activity. private before. hands up only a few people? 
come on. All right, and who actually understands why that me to explain how the ones where the investment process, the fees? Okay, so the viewer, about the five hands up in the room. 
And how many people are invested in talking about n nonaditional asset testes, so these are p like private entity events capital, real estate, hedge funds, uh national resources, et cetera. And so there's apparently $15 trillion that trillion the t of assets of matchment in all space, and that represents 2 and half percent of global financial assets. So, while in absolute terms, I think we can all agree 15 trillion is a big number. 2 and half percent of total financial assets, it is is relatively small. 
So there's still a lot of room for these this area to grow. as I mentioned, there's much different categories in all you take the where you have the red boxes here, five, Metric international, private red is, and the real estate enemy, that makes up the line share close to two/3. Often people use the term private activity interchange belief to describe any of. So there's real estate private equity and describe activity were invested in companies, where you're buying selling companies, which is what we're prin focus today. and what you can seeraising a side chart the details and it't matter too much, but the point is really that he's trying to starting in their own the 1980s and the bondant number of these funds that is easy to growistentlyout. 
And so, when I ask this questionna earlier, there was only a handful do that phaser and turn touce the message, so one of the things we want to talk about is why is it attractive SS and and the people that are invested. So here we're looking at the returns of private activ, so if you look at the Latan side, what you see is the chart over various time horizons, showing you public activities versus a black bar. So you can see public average returns over any of these time horizons, is approximately half, but the second bar is, which is private ag returns over the same theaters. 
And then if you look at the third bar what you see here is not 25% of managers ultimately have returns that triple what the average public actors are. So, that will be easy to think why is there you investing this ass best? So when you look at the terms on a standard basis, they look very interesting, but you can't do that without considering the actual risk associated to to the ASI rest. 
So, it really the chart on the right, with that shows ultimately, all the really matteropes of the concrete dos on on the right. you see private activity growth equity measure capital. what this is showing is the return is relative to the risk, so anywhere that you have equal risk so that the ex accidentence above the bottom as you can't really even think of it as a her lying going up and down. you want invest typically in the ASS that's the highest. That's considered that part of us recommended and involved about bottom for area is part of the efficient here and how you buyola. Now, this isn't showing either, that' also important to consider as the terms suggest it's also yield. 
So one of the differences is why it might still make sense to invest it in an ASI test that is less returned at the same risk level as because of the might be getting look, right? And so that's it important to know and consider when you're investing in passive investments, pri is not anASI that's gonna pay you the yield. And so if you are looking for a year cash, then you're ultim invest something like an multiamily real estate into a car of capital for for a year. 
Then the next day in terms of returns is one size, so size matters privateneath in terms of through the files what's really interesting here and the first time I look in hisar is, you effectively the same average return across theign. So whether it's a small bunch, even size were based on, the average, which is in the middle is a chart there, the black do in the media, the box grounded is the average, is effectively the seen. But what's also really interesting is that you have smaller funds the top performance and the top managers perform far better than the mega fund. 
So you have an opportunity in general, they get a 35% return on in a small fun with the top manager, the top 25%, but the may one side and the average is only 25%. So, manager selection fun size matters. So, the risk returns all up great and it's the best available, but how many people are actually investing? 
When you look at the US allegation in Adiral, what you think is only 7.4% are better than private. Very small number relative to the opportunities that getting their returns and you have as you do not a little bit that our. You' 73% in traditional so earlier mention alternatives. fix the econom activity is not alternatives. you have 73% terror. that ultimately comes down to billion is access. 
And so a lot of people don't even though where the E mind as a private manager, they don't have their relationships that are necessary, but I have adventures the guys that most of you in this group know how to open up a trad account with the the biohy style, right? And so that access is really the big part of it has keeps these to this number where it is has seven4% in the US. So who is the desert nesting? 
So these these are the largest and most sophisticated investors in the world typically, talking about pension funds, insurance companies, ult high worth, family offices, and downwards. and as I mentioned, it is is the access to the relationship that they have that allow them to be able to get their money to do. And for people, like most of us, there's really investment girls that that are too high. And so, in those cases, you're talking about five $25 million minimum of investment in private equity funds, and in some exceptional cases, it could be a little bit lower. 
But even if you do want to invest in a one of the mega funds or even an advertised one, you're gonna have a hard time getting prior in the allocation. These big firms are big managers want big tickets. It's so they have an investor that able to have $100 million dollar check or $500 millionack, they're gonna take that money before they'll take your two million or $5 million, even if you're over the minimum. because it's easier for them to less head more efficient, and they view that money is much more patient. 
All of these people that are still on the lefthand side here, in terms of who's investing are considered patient after all. So there are people that are investing for long time periods in many in 20, 30 years, and they have the ability to let the money sit there on the side and wait until the fund managers are calling it, and they can wait until the fund managgers have the opportunity to actually do their businesses so we'll talk more about that in the second as well, in terms of locity attorneys associated with the prior. So, just to go a little bit deeper into the numbers, when you look at that allocation of these foles, all these large institutional verbs, pensions, foundations and chargeged around the capital, is between 20% and 52% allegated the alternativeus is largely based the private acc. 
So 29 to 52% and the right side of that's individual side of individuals is only 9%. So, you have the most sophisticated investors in the world that have the most resources in assets, and there's between 29 and 52 and every individuals are only at nine. The uh, especially for some asset guys that returns so low. 
And why is that so what another thing I want to point down is is the retirement gap, so in the world that und estimate me sevent trillion in world economic world. They see the se dollar gap between how much people have saved and what they need to have they were retired. In the US is estimated that you need $1.5 million retirement. 
I mean, I think that this is is what the 30 says. And the average American only have $80,000 here. So eight,000 won by it may have to make a difference. 
How can you make up some of that obviously higher terms, right? There is just one way to do it saving money but generate higher turns. So now we're jump into the boxructures and talk a little bit the investment process. 
So, this is a gross universal fining example, but this in general, you have general partners, and so for those of you that this hand does not their job, you explain a little bit of the general partners and that people there all the black will be for the the final, and then you have the limited partners, which are often referred to these, those are the of the investors. investors will equip into the fund, the partner manage the fund, they' go out to the bi different companies. Ultimately, the goal is the divided a company might agree a value next. And so you can end up with many many more energy they' very complicated. 
There's all sorts of cash, legal reg, et cetera, as why you would accept that separate enties so that you have crossizedability and the companies so that you've met minimizing aes. and ultimately, theseed actors all have signific resources and spend millions of dollars a year of taxes legal license and and all of that immediately did this successfully. So the event about this I just mentioned sound simple right byrome exit. People allowing people can get to something they danger to themselves. 
So I just jump is a little bit of where on what it actually takes. So when you're looking at the acquisition process. so, this is out here to some of the steps, but ultimately, all of these fms are looking at hundreds of deals a year, they're only closing deals at aated roughly 2% all deals they look at. so if you have a fund in one made 20 investments, be typically they need to look at close to a thousand deals, they would do that. And you're not working off of that, you have to utimately figure out what are our target companies? 
What is they? What's their rep look like? Was it even though the like? 
How big checks I want the right? to invest? Do I need financing? 
Who's your buy financing? What that financing? Was the real structure like? 
what kind what kind of expansion plans you have? How do I engineer this business? So that? 
What kind of technology you have? All this part of the process as identies and he keep in mind to two percent of deals private closed. So it is a year of hundreds of deals will your hand. that's important is because it also translates into intentionion deals that they're doing. 
The averagecri today is between $500 million and two and a half million dollars. Wow So, that's a that's a pretty big transaction. The reason that is is that all cost involved in it is. 
So the lawers tax structuring, the hundreds of deals are looking at and not doing it. and so the order to be able to bear that cost, you need to deal with invest in size. and it's also because you have these large institutional investors that are really be00 million million checks and you need to do their money. And if you don't do with money, you't add in peace, and so they're looking at much larger companies and basically wearing the exens space. So we talk about brown, so by pro cell, there are a lot of different ways to add value. and this is something that part of measure that we are, I would suggested to me, I helping'breo scale, and we have a whole process designed around how do we identify vision vision now become the evil talent, what we pay people, uh, you know, from a finance perspective, financial training, budgeting, passport work essay, operations with technology, all the things I conneed earlier, the bigger out diligages. 
These are all the different things that you need to actually did go and execute on once the company's concerns. So you can have a great plan, but when it comes out to the only to have the operators in place that I able to actually go in next to that plan. where different and there's a lot of different ways to create values even outside of the traditional, you know, fixed the company, through operations and bi additionalapt streams, effectively, you create financing strategies to create value for the equity owners, also different things you can do. And so once you've done all that, you sell you exit, you' also you have the term modetizer monetizations, so that that can be done a lot of different ways, too, with the company. 
You can do an IPPO, you can do a secondary sound, you can sell to a strategic. when you hear somebody talking about it as a strategic acquition or a strategic buyer figure out it as you have a company like oh, you Camp HA company that will buy another HA company. That's a acquition. An HAC company that wants buy an electricual contractor, also haition because as an connected business and industry for them. 
So it's where it's not gonna be a public offering or secondary transaction, it teacherition also will often result the highest prices paid relative to to the other and so this is just to summarize everything I talk about the investment life cycle. So all these things in the red box, these are all the things that we're deal with in require companies. So the way you talk about a choir, these the valuation of lives. 
That's what we're doing engineering businesses in our flatware. where you talking about growing company that what we're doing ex cheap on that view of that plant and throw our speed business in there. We actually that's our high cell team, and then we have all the resources in between and the US guys are aware of the health training and educated business designers on how to do these days as well. All right, so the pivot now, we talked about the front structure, the investment lifest level. 
Now, how does investing the private action was it to you if you decided to get to a private number? So first, these are what they are called a committed structure, so you're not actually writing a check, put money out, they want you're signing effectively a contract to say that when the firm finds deals, that you will invest and provide the capital that the time. So as an example, if you commit a million dollars with that money, and they go out that they find a deal on this, we need to call 10% of very much capital. 
So they'll call 10% of your million dollars alone with every other investor that's invested in the fund. You 10 to 30 days before the investments made, and then they'll take that money and acquire require business. So when you see here on this chart ultimately is the investment period and the redines on the left that are looking negative, that's national to the best perspective, going out. 
And so you see the green line which is accumulative fast with her started to drop down. and then you start to see the black bars coming up, which is the monetization activity, so you start to see dividends, you see financing and reconization, cash coming back the investor. You see veits start to happen. And so then that green line which is tequila cash flow, so I go back up. 
This is called the Jacob, so this is just another term that you'll hear a high, and it's also part of why you have these institutions that are typically investing the data have will be and the time theers would be able to was that the lack of liquidity. So you don't get your capital back out either sold capitalization or paying. So then how did these project you guys at the four all ours? 
It's the fe. So, how do the fees work? I explain it rather the relatively simple matter, so there's management feed because we're doing all the work that we talked about. right? 
That investment lif cycle, all that process, setting the bond dealing with all the paperwork, the administration county and territives magity that. And then to a line there interest with viewers, there's performance space. And so if there is a 25% performance be typically what do return, you'll say if you have your first 6%, what I charge on, but everything after that be 25%. just as an example. 
So, if you have a 10% return, it make alication. If you have 10% return, and there's a 6%, you're paying 25% on that one percent. So the first six% of the money goes back to you, with the possity investigation you, that six percent of the money is the reter is you, and then you're paying 25% of that work percent that's what we need. 
Does that make sense? I agree. So just to quickly recap, what we talk about, so you can a lot of this throughout the conference playoff. 
You have invest yourself, investor business better, Casinated. R EB is arguably one of the best as places forasan with one difference of nuance being that you're not gonna be. This part of that reason you get much better performance in terms of to overturn not action for the basis. and you looking to find on the basis. 
So the biggest benefit is the higher return. There's significantarish energy that have left this aspect list principally used by the sophisticated large skirts of the world and by a lot of burning bit, so see a lot of more of these main ones, a out there have blackac now. Big590 milliona there, several hundred, 350 million range, as well. 
We talked about five bloodructs, the investors processes and peace. So that's not one on one of the basics of paper, and now on a job needs to talk about bit of what's going on. that is paid by everything trans marketplace and what's been happening over the last few years. So, these two charts are what the first will the left shows, better capitalloyment is very similar to private deployment, technically measure capital, these same type of private equity who is just looking at it earlier. stage companies. and nonexisting business is in many cases, a lot of times it's pretty bad investment it. 
But the seems is true for larger product activity as is to preventure capital in this time period, it's just the point of it has slowed. But importantly what you see is it' kind of the point in 2021. So the 2020, 2021, a lot of captors been deployed, and the valations that was done at when he was free were very high, which has translated into what's happening now where exits are very slow. 
So this show used as exits have so significantly by directory. Why is that important? That's important because their altern is not disributions to investors. investors are large funds and the sophomore funds, theension funds, et cetera, and those people typically are respect that their investments in privateity. 
And so what what has happened is you start to see these funds in the down market. and so for example, there's a $4.6 billion middle market product one announced by KR relatively recently. That's a significant move for that to move down into the middle market space versus where they have operating. So part of that is because the stigous impression that exists. at the higher than the market. from evaluations that buyers and sellers are still not acting sellers want too much because they paid too much in 2019, 2020, 20 to 21. and our fires ultimately are expecting evaluation come out further, so there's been so difficult be getting that national to that traditional war. another thing I first initially is this uh few Republicans of these, right? 
So, this was an interesting fact that I found that I was not necessarily aware of and afforded a low research here. But there was something other companies is incre by roughly half in the last 25 years. So that's a huge change and what you conceal the right is the actual refuge of publicers private. 
So you have roughly you know, 85, 90% of all revenue is private companies, not public companies. As a percent of GDP, private companies are 56% 50, 60% of your GGP. So that is also a very important significant personal market. 44% of that is the small means that businesses that have traditionally in largely. 
Another more stats for use of behavior of the great Wall transferred why is this important development. So, 51% of small businesses in the US are owned by people that are 55 plus. Of that 21% are owned by 65 plus, so people already have an entirely age over 65% or under 21% of the private businesses in the US. 
Do you remember earlier, I also mentioned that the retirement band in the US in wasinarigan was about .5 million, and what people have saved is 88,000. So all of this aging population needs to sell their businesses. So, as a percentage of GDP, we're talking about 44% of the USGEP. 
It's about 51% of that 44% is owned by these folks. So we're talking numbers of the trillions of dollars on the key that means to dream change hands over the next five to 20 years. And so the opportunity to invest in these businessesertific private equity, which is typically ignoring your money anyway, is very significant. 
And because that we we are ultimately announcing our part of equity much. And so the entire of the purposing goal of part of energy group is to allow you to be able to take advantage of that opportunity. So, what are our advantages? 
Well, we have to try entire deal clubs, so I talked about partner measures. We worked with thousands of businesses, the engineer scale, those companies, and cost of that many of companies to us all the find whether theirients are not, that are ultimately partner with or looking for personal investment. And so we have that is hundreds and not thousands of years a year, that would we look at? 
We have proven scal those? anybody was at the part that had referen earlier, Brandon had a couple clients above stage that ultimately have had successful exists and significant business growth, we're talking pile 10, 25 times one revenue, in terms of growth in a short period of time. Ken itself is another example of the scilling system being applied to an actual operating business that business went from granted and grandpa that for about three years ago, there was two million revenue, first created 25 and 75 million, and 130 million for this year. 
So yeah, this is this is all these are all real numbers, and this is this is what this gall system that bring an all of the team have created and actually produce, with the best effect has market vehicle, it's a bad value, if you can imagine taking grants and granted sales teams, putting into any business, what happened to do for it? and the market agent practices that we have? putting that in any business and then the ecosystem. 
So the opportunity for these businesses to then sell commercialized our products within the community. Last but not least, we we have paid of thousands of private businesses that no one else has access to. and this time data other, but then three times that allows us to make much better best decisions and recommendations. So, our first one, we're we're target doing our fund race and I fully expected hit, we had people asking us how to how we invested you for years. 
We're we're gonna take only a hundred uh the credited investors, which means it is the last two years you made over $200,000 each year, your credit investor, we have more than a million in the net worth live in net worth. and then we'll also take an unimited number of balls at first search with music one five million of the Internet. So still be a primary normal. So if you're interested iniring with us in investigating part an effity group of this QR code, we see a lot of a lot of things go on. you can head over to the part of acad group remove the talk with the team or myself, I'll I'll be walking around the around today as well. 
So, what I would close out wasn't just some big ways for you, again, just Cameron, invest yourself, invest in your business, investing passive income, um, look at your asses out. So I then invest is really, but how are you tested? Are are you looking at how much passive income you have? 
What what are you actively inventing? For example, I would consider an investment in in equity and an actively managed position a public equity that is to be doctor and then not necessarily pass. So what what? 
What do you access to? and how do you get access, right? So you've heard Jared and the team coffee got the wealth club, the ten wealth clubs are a great way to continue learn and invest in yourself, about all of these different acidests, but you're going to be an opportunity to access a lot of these and invest in a lot of different aspect as well to that. 
You if everyone in this room has access to cor capital, right? So that's a good passive investment strategy where you're ultimately get a cash shield, and at the end, appreciation on the assets. You have access now to part of that. 
But what else do you have access to? what what other funds out there and similar typs of opportunities? So, if you want to work if you want us to do the work for you, part of thaterad. if you if you want to try to do the work yourself in investing businesses, we use our b cell team, also get through our off, so we also have the next myself out there. that the advisory work, you can visit that as well. 
That's all I got.. I was telling Brandon I like, I probably read 25 books now on private. I still get it. 
Aunt Grant said doesn'tackle what I was doing what to do. because what Ed was shown you guys is that there are massive returns being made there, and almost none of you have access to it. And so that's really one of the big uh outcomes that we're looking for in our business now. and and one of the reasons we partner with the radio in the team and carterventures is because if the business is broke, these are the types of realities that you run into rent into investment in bags, private action firms that are coming along, they do deals every day. This is what they do every day. 
They're gonna do black transaction in your career. They eat them every day. music has the advantage. Not you. 
And so you need to have people around you that can help you navigate this process and that's what part of remember who bet is about, that's what our wealth club is about, so that you can have access to people like Eddie, Brandon, who have done heels at maybe on the de team, all these people who have done billions and millions and even billions of dollars in transactions. So this is something that you have an outcome for make sure get connected to the group so that we can helping with this. We've already helped the number of people exit their companies, and you're gonna hear more about that and a little bit here. 
But right now, we have a very, very amazing hand that we're gonna put together. our host for the panel, is a serial entre gonna work, some of you know him. He sold his last company for 77 times he made up? You may.ity group was the incubation company to really prove out his strategy and his model that he wanted to break into our ecosystem. 
And that company he ended up selling to a public company. so he ended up being acquired by a public company, the stock I think was traded for $17 $18 to share when that transaction happened. They brought him in, this was a global company, proved something out in the US, went to a global company and said, I wanna implement the same strategy model that I used to all these businesses, I wouldn't apply that globally. Everybody told him it wasn't gonna work. 
Different cultures, different things, people aren't gonna do this, people aren't gonna do that. There's no way it's gonna work.irty or six months later, the companiesared price went from $18 to 94 a year. He added $3 billion dollars in value to that company and he did it two years sooner than he was targeted to. 
He's kind of so, okay? Now our guest is incredibly remarkable. He is the former vice chairman of NASDA. 
He's the former president of prudential financial. He is the father of the jobs act that allowed for most of you who are invested in cardgo cattle or invested in syndications. He was the one that authored the build and may all of that possible. 
So you're gonna need to show him a little extra love, all right? you like those cash checks. And he's managed over a thousand public equity offerings. 
You guys want to scale your business grow your business, have a major exit and these are two guys you need to listen to. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Brandon Dawson and David W. All right, everybody. 
It's been a good morning so far? All right, so I'm sitting here with the godfather, that's good all you small business owners access the towel. and this anastic fight woman to why what's attention to it. You still be any small business. 
It's hard enough to make your business work. It's another thing to be able to ask. This is where he and I came together, because before I had on met him, I wanted to change how I believe was used in businesses, because I saw directly what happened when we don't use right and have access somebody else's money and not control it. 
So fast forward, I was pro it out, he was restrustrating capital for all businessers. And so this is gonna be a great conversation. Can I can I do that I'm an economic actor that in my and I and I have all about. 
I think soft problems, create job in, so that as you look at the soft global it's be somebody that cracks out of the atm driving in the. So I just wanna see a show how many guys are entre? Yeah, you are my time and so much. 
We have lots of work I in this country. there years ago, this is one of the things that we got closer that we did get job, was to lower the bar on, actually public and supported in the after, right? So we actually had in the first administration the earth closing something wall that was the job Western confidence act of 2018 went to the house six before, but then because of all the gangmanship closing down and normally over the wall, it should have got asked for the wall and it included a newirm of stock thatation that actually would have taken the gestation period from 14 to 60 years to go about back down six years. I'll a little bit about. so there is a big shift of about Eddie even talking out on stage, how have the cl that you last few days and all this. 
I was very fortunate in your talking about this is when I did the first business transaction. I was 26 years old and I bought half of the company and I wrote I wrote a note because I had one, and the guy says to me, no good. he says, now that you bought half the business, I have to teach you how to run a public. what are you talking about? It was like that and the stock. 
And I was I have no idea. It was all four language to be, let me tell you something, it was the best because level. you actually have all the specific rules and you can file it where you can be listed in where you was jail. So a private public company has a own set ofations. 
Why was there such a huge in the number of going and what was theation of that for small businesses? Um, there's a kind of balacy that under the markets and markets and the markers are created like each the there. And I think that and waterats stocks great and apparently lived with man in respect tens of thousands of words interact. 
But when you get down to more capitalization, the national state is is one thousands, they've sell fire. You guys get some quiet. if you have a business, it's making a million dollars a year, how many investments can you have in that business and what's their belief about in growing that business? Because if you believe it's not gonna grow, you're gonna want to be a seller, if you believe it's gonna grow huge, you wanna be a buyer, you guys get that, right? 
But when you're a little tiny business, you're not growing much, you don't have interest in people owning or selling because nothing's happening. nobody knows you. you get an wall, level a visability and market participation and so if it's like 10 guys with you. are gonna do stock. I mean, if somebody comes in with a half million shares sellers, you know, 10,000 shares a day, that's half go down. and and that requires a different marketructure. That requires that requires something to hold a bit there, something to break up that 500,000 share block, break it in this small business replac, and that's a different market structure. 
And so when you go through the kind of the, you know, the file that needs to be, you look at all the company, the vast majority of companies are small, they leave those broers to those intermediaries to kind of replace the shares of the research, and it's not until you get a very large and trad like the amb video or an apple, where you get tens of thousands of people looking at the stock at any particular point time that it trains organically naturally. So what we did was we paid up in our ar constructure changes. We gave up the best idea of earth ends and industry birthing ends and innovation and that the world had ever seen because of frankly the stupidity of some of the people down in Washington that really didn't know the cost of fact, they purch stop saving investors money on transaction costs. and what they did was they they brought the support were small models and all the economic models for more confidence. 
And so that's something that I'm voting with gray trying to fix right now, because I mean we got to the slides we we went for 9,000 publicist companies to 5000 and our security exchange position. 9,000,000. these were actually that were given up at were shown the House financial services committed of the US representative. And what you see if I set up and I was walk over real quick, that the black there is some $50 million IPO, so you can see as a percentage of total life goes and drops off the equip in a very short period of time. 
That was 97 and 98 when they changed the market structure and they went from one that actually created like an economics for people to actually rope and get out of market stocks to one where there was no longer money and they were just doing an electronically, except there's not enough. There were not enough workers there to kind of just let the market anyway. So it drops off to its left, and then if you go over here, this is one of the great things. 
It's like, you think that your your government knows, right? But if you go over, you can if you go back to the other chart, uh, there we go. What you see there is the index, the growth in operating copies that are listed of markets from that time when we went to all electime market structure and the United States rose from 9,000 operating companies down to 5,000 and read the volume of the file and in China in the top that that time. 
And so we had a US commerman said it today. is we, which one is China said, sir, not as like the top. We don't which one in the United States. I said, we're the ones at the bottom. 
He said, we', which one would you prefer it? And so from there, they all went out from different directions, and I think what's important for you to us. Look, the reason that I was able, when I was 26 years old, to have a microcap of a gun that allowed me to race cap and around and allowed me to acquire exchanging my public stuff for private stuff that allowed me access to using different instruments than just cash that you know necessarily have to raise money or using the stock as class to deal. 
So, when you have a small public company, then you can use your equity in different ways, well, that means significantly went away, and we opened the markets for other countries to be able to expend on that. So if you have a bunch of money to put into a big company and you wanted to risk a little bit of money in a little company, hopefully to grow the, you lost those markets as an investor. and thatution 9,000 out of 5,000 and who took that for market. Well, in the United States, I mean kind of tragedy of reason that the experience in really know that. reason why what I didn't know it is because NASA and the US doange were reporting there he was in copies, they were including the reange tradines,osed andond was not a. 
So we had to go and spread the funds out of the data to see what was really going on. and we knew that we're practitioners, we knew we did the problem, and but they weren't listening to the practitioners until we actually showed the data that thatA and then that guy. we got a lot of these wanted to so important for the on the issue for this now six years. We'll take back million dollars, not in all the market, which is billion dollars. so this is the implication, right? So if you're sitting there as an individual investor and you could invest a portfolio of a bunch of small startup company, it doesn't pay of any of those to go huge and become successful and be massive return right. 
Or if you're looking at ornovated all of a sudden you're like, I'm gonna go to world money, because if you're at least 20 companies and yourself, you need out. But nucally, those storeated companies huge, what was out on the thousands. God, it was sentences that. was it what was lot.. 
I mean, you know I was the compl playing for was a new job I was demand I actually used use a photo group one design line all that. after found out one of the standards on maps and list of New York. It a lot of games have. I want EE a little, but let's talk a little bit about all these businesses that were outside law in its industries, trying to wrap market shares, using their capital, using their equity, most of the projects a lot of those signific between a big company and that myue has good stock, useful retail and and and a professional stock with students, and you got institutions, you got retail, people are excited about the stocks. he talking them up because not the user's are currency. 
You're not just you know what you need most of the creat. hand, right? I mean, then your stock out there and scale, it gives them current right, so you will. you buy now and your stock, you all supported and you have a lot pass because the stock price your public stock is is at a higher multiple. look, a private company, for example, if you' $50 million community and age tax base, we can call it five80 million worth andures. But if you go 20 of those companies together, and all of a sudden there are a million dollar might be your more. 
Well, and and ir because the times in the scale, if you have their air dollars. buy iron. I don't multiple die. And so this is the idea raising app aligning businesses, put in roll of strate, dversual businesses together, but what you're saying is that almost half of the small businesses that could have been doing now, actually only only been not access to that capital or the stock market, they're gonna have to use traditional fund a lot more than that. 
I mean, actually is the distribution is is lot better, right? So there were as many options from $100,000 to 1 million in revenues that are from one million cans that are fromen to hundred and and so on and so forth. So so if you look at it's a lot of limit distribution, just a massive bottom of the upside of of the bottom of Europe. and and so, I mean, what you've did with your first population, which I think is brilliantly, is you're aggravating smaller properties and giving managements a mod mod many it gives people an opportunity ultimately to have a public cards given the basis actually assessment take the aggregation, right? 
And it creates when you when you're sitting at that part of of the baby boomer retirement and that wel transition is going on. And there are so many entrepreneurs out there that don't have an extra strategy. And so in theory, you should be able to by aggravating all these smaller businesses to scale, you should be able to give that the benefit of some that valuation group I also be taking in the aggravated specific industry so two scans. 
The one I lived in first, is why engineered business I engineered West, you go to Wall Street, you raise capital, you you access venture, private equity, you go build an infrastructure, you go spend your money and buy business, capital structure with the host that you'll you're spending and do all that will eventually accelerate the revenues of the things your mind and create more value in the future, which makes to it. You're spending money today to make money tomorrow, okay? Ey three weeks in the most work. for the ones that do work for need to use. 
What I did as I said, why spend why raise money? Why spend money? Why don't I disco write into the business cards and say, it's to the spot? 
I'll give you ad in my management company, build the infrastructure, you give me some side of your business, and now you're gonna connect to everybody else's doing the tool phone company took it mark five 77, 19, but we never had any else items in I would see them customers with my. I have enclosed the people that were all benefited in eachR. you with the Johns, you said we need to get access to alcohol of small business in order to get access road app also used actually in a way that allows money and other opportunities to people to their business. otherwise get legal, they couldn't move. I the SC miles in order to get approved in 2004, I say no, no, no. 
I finally my ways with the SCT. approved. I think you w it up, so what our code, and we were talking about this last night. In 2015, even though it was in the process that wasn't yet. and ran lunch. 
Rand says, promoted. and he had so much aspect well it was 2017 were he not confirmed. Yeah, theation they were thinking, you, in and stuff. I was actually coming by the laws, so I had no policy side. 
I happened there, we passed the job back. There was only one title was where you go themerant growth company for that actually extended the run land. all theseus buyers to go in, like sidel capt the IP know that is and actually help I marks on whether there international all say two million lives. this information mate permission, like a crowd funding, like glic privateacementsceed, which I think you guys use regulation a plus those things were not fully for so. They were mandated that, and they took a number of years and the rules. 
Jobs act asked for 2000. Wow. But then these these separate, it took a while, and and then it takes a while to the security system stand only be the first, you know, you don't know how they're gonna how it's gonna work out, so ultimately, it's started to get adopted, you guys were men, I think they were four of adopted. 
So this is really important. He is the one that went in and how the change the rules and you access the capital, make it simpler, less regulations and more own markets to get.... jump on that. What does he better known? 
So he started hammering on it and has raised more money he. execut times. So the reason to bring this up is we have $5 trillion in buffets after. in the next few years, you have I wrote how to ask as capital to scale bigger, better fast more valu, and do it legally moreally utterly life. And you have the number one guy who figured out how to access capital to bring Wall Street from mainstream. 
So what we're talking about, you heard reser' like, I don't understand how the what is. is it? Okay, here's what I do. When I said it with Gregard to talk about, I didn't understand howard said.. 
That's why I just said random on your part. You're not gonna understand how what this is. Here's the question for you. 
We're all working together, learn, developing, conquering, winning any trust to people your partners with, would we do bigger better ask for more val as a team or's why we created. So you can start getting into the room I mean, why, listen, what's the odd person to all about blue house. I but I'm with the fact that sometimes people really look up on and I understand, I have some of these conversational know There's a lot of you know how much. 
I will tell you that we in Congress at the end of the people.ltimately in this world, and so the ability to volume on the basketball race to required to have in our national markets are foundow people that we have unintentionally of really limited for potential from every person in every England in this country. He basically my out. or lot of the work we trying to do is to create tool to allow every single one of one out here to have that can, and so the innoation. aggravation, right? And that actually is an innovation on top of the innovation that was the John's act that actually makes it more feasible to get properties into the public marketplace to private to give that to give them a return on their effity, also ultimately and national strategy that they otherwise wouldn't be able to achieve by themselves, right, okay? 
So, so there's a lot of so that actually increases also the likehood of the other people our business, you, you know, you don't think about it in that in that way. But but for me, it's about getting up to that, right? And I'm not way together, everybody feels learn more from our failures you success. 
I don'ting the back, the wall, it up,ing the again, the ball. And at some point you're gonna connect with that ball, you're gonna get hit you're gonna get on base. And and that's what we need is more people learning by doing by trying and and we will be absolutely unstoppable in a free democracy with free markets. nobody can stop that. 
I make a little bit of a commentary on how much going on, right? They're having problems everybody now and part of that is because they're not getting out of the way of the entrepreneurs, you see what they did with jack off, you know, it was being too much of the you know, that kind of stuff actually triplest in the economy and stifle their assass. It what they're doing on the other direction understanding a bit of the, I believe in the economy sense of giving people tool to give that an oper mobility I got out of the top we got rainbow the right? 
And so I think you'll find there's actually a big thing contact my process which go back to back of 19 hits or the people in different you at a common inify and don't what they look like, you know, where they. One of the things that absolutely remarkable about this country is that anybody in America. I will never and diversity where different perspective people with there's an academic background with every factory in the cultural backgroundgrounds, and as a consequence coming together, we are much more lively of a better solution than if we all have sort of monics. 
Okay, so in that, I think diversity is America's. I think in the context of I' right? So the accuracy on the stage with the guy who's changed the world and changed the all is in my mind of remarkable act itself. 
But let me say what what I'm hearing so that you guys can here for the finance. When Rancardo decided to take the key rule apply immediately before anybody else waited around a three yard what they actually met, and started by the assets that he started buying in Wolfck family, he was giving somebody when I told or $50 million asked us to the same ass and treating in the same way. Okay? 
That was not allowed. And what we wanna do with businesses is exactly the same thing. We want to give you guys access to own economy, your own chemcosystem way he was saying is very important, you in the small business, 33 million businesses. 
You create 45% of the economy you 66%, 67% of the workforce can yet already represented eight percent on stock market by opening up access to power of power, by presenting ourselves as a unified force of the marketplace, understanding our responsibility to drive valu, make money in businesses, share equity from people who are interependent on, which is what we're building in the Internet community, using the laws that he created access to all of us for. So when you think about what we're doing a wealth conference here, this is a change the world because of we do it here as an example, other places will, and we will also attract a biggerience because we will become affable for us. If you add up the money that our community controls individually and collectibly, it's in the hundreds of billions of dollars. and I think what we need to do is make a focus to make it in the trillions of, you.. 
I get too much credit in. I' a I wrote a bunch of papers and and I learnedurely by accident. that everybody on Apple, whatever I probably because I was infor by you NASA and I guess nobody else that was a you know, senior exact in their stock exchange that started to write about theartment structure industries. And so it got it was a happy accident, I learned the that my I was in. 
It is a mod, and what we do is we educate in theorm and the people that are they are the people's house, they don't have a big economic background around their house of represents say. And so there's a monumental pepper that needs the hon to the people around in this country and they' a lot of them that are built they don't understand how of those words. And and they are good people. 
I mean, I have ideas that'oose pops on I find my my is3. At the time he was 16, I went to testifying from the house committee on back marks and going to that was I. And I said, you know, the reason why I have my son here is, I don't why the letter that's I testify. I'm not worrying yourself, and it never my mind. 
I' I'm focused on what relieving or his generation and the generation exactly okay. Because they need not even better to be right as that is why people America, they wanted better life. That is ultimately what makes us the paraphrase Lagan shiny city on the. 
And so, when we got to the question and the answers, they all back to the question the answer were five of us as such matter of actually we' testing one, and won't be back to me in the idea. them. And and then first that John soon. And it was both dem and bothublic. 
So what I was telling you is that thispite the acron and you know, the winter tank wall kind of politics that goes on. underneath that a lot of those people most of those two people that are in the house on Saturday actually care deeply not where this kind goes, and I think that's what we're ultimately merely ad on to, but but getting legislation done is a million complex power because everybody represents their own jurisdiction. So if you're representing the poor area, you know, you have a difference at a kind of condition, you have to bring back to your to your in your locality, your restral district in the and relected as opposed to a well to do districts and something more of it. and it's really more worth back to code to figure out what is it in what you're designed by the projects the country forward, that anybody in one to office on or you maximize another allies of the maps of the they go out and raise money that checks to fill the cost of the frontal office and minimize the number of wealth unap going with their is by when we access all business. stock promot, all the system is growing and. We innovators. 
This is what we pushed innovators out of our country and we could and other countries. and all of a sudden we pushed to the industry out of this country because upstarts have figured out how to make a check or medication or whatever it is rub up there. figured out because they had access to capital, they had a marketplace that would allow them to do it and so what consequently we did is we push all this information offshore, which we are to bring back to shore. They just did a huge Arizona. So you in, these business orders and the people toate how access the capital and bring businesses back in the United States. 
I about the next evolution because the visual occur are coming along, using different vehicles, different structures, watching. There's a lot of new things coming to park. There's a little bit about how you the gas on these jobs act together and stimulate growth in the, and the need for why we need to ask small business growth. 
Well, first of all, when you in which is blocking and much morefficient, right actively sound. And I think you're gonna see Arobization some of the first innoation on this is because actually a million land itself passenger possible sell. If you addition and it has value. so everybody like this is all, I' learning this last year. 
I imagine that you uh I imagine you buy a00,000 down,000. Now you can break 10 other people in their condo with. And they think money as well. 
And you, you rationalize even instead of doing all the stuff that requires process, you do it or watching. So the money comes in and split it, the money that you get goes to you and it' all through a wall and digital process, so you're not sitting you're chasing our neighbing all, and you can literally take white sizes of you so that you can have your company and bring a thousand of people in your company sell 10% of it to a thousand people in better, when you start making a distribution lack ofands and making that and the in the programmed in the systemsike, I pay a distribution on on a min man basis second second basis, and how it appro with the account. Significance to that is that frequency distributions that foral consumers has had value. 
So if you actually look at closed in ons that thatarter of the distribution mildly monthly ones created at a four percent medium, you'll have to the poorly. The people value that that more importantly costs the cost on the operational fund for the people that actually coffee. up, I' a. have white people, by the way, talking about aored a team of people to trackarterly distributions for all workers we had had a run on general ledger and all the institution institution. Well if you don't mod because of that, most of them about real estate funds. 
Real estate funds mortgage funds as opposed to the equity funds that bely to a lot in the in our division is spending 28 days on justike issues. extremely, okay? But who believes the right to do security. I question I don't this. 
When you guys do the job we talk about various and inclusion, why was there a minimum 200 grand? Well, first of all that that number goes back in history and hasn't changed. so actually with inflation it gone down in terms of now, it was it when math is legislatively grap is that they didn't know how to try to define sophistication, and so they had to come up with a numeric proxy where they hit down the basis and they figured that but I think you would agree that number is not use. that's why the people, the people that make 80 grand a year of the people that't need access to these investments, more than the people that making millions. that's the funding go to the That was massively controversial when we did it. And I was just we just made a point by there at the time it was a $1 million solution the way the history was, we started out with two million in the house, back to were so it went back and got thetimately got bounced back to five million, which we actually started in terms ofiving regulation to the public, that actually has nowributed from up to 75 million, I guess if it would going even higher at some point in time. 
But so we're making these things relage investments available to the public and look, you know, we have the writing and if we're not well to do to do not just to make an investment, but also to burn through the investment in the process. You not learn anything in you This is exactly why we want all our because we're not getting assistance of information just like on the real how to sourceals, negotiate field, paper, integrateield, same with the business card. If you're not in it. 
Wealth, if you don't know how to set targets for your wealth, you'll get wealth and execute wealth and access wealth opportunities that wealthy need access. Like if you don't know all this stuff and you don't even know what exists, how can you possibly use it to your end? This is the reason created this well conference and the wealth conference, because finding it out our way like by accidentally spellily across it, or hearing about for ourances, choosing educating yourself learning how we're using this stuff, bringing the experts in and speaking nationalise supposed to talk about some of the things that you've done in an argument about the slide.. 
This there is a lot of the regga CN slide. So, well this is a funny. So, look, if you guys if you guys how many of you of this show, how many of you would like to have access in this data in real time from this time forward your? 
How many you wanted his way to see it let the name? Because this was gonna happen. So, I' recommend it to you that you put yourself in a position where you con guy innovated in real estate. 
I innovated a small business state. He innovated the whole marketplace where we could all do what we do. And you the right place in the right turn. you have a bunch who are innovating these small business. 
How big is that How much influence does it use in these new regulations?om. that you'reant it. uh, you know, we we might continue to get a event anything easier for people to get involved in single stock. I think one of the great trashies of all more these days and everybody in wants it doesn't teach anything about confidence. and we need armies with people that understand companies and and building building like American out out of one business. 
This is what you too. So you guys get like when Morgan calls and since we have a buck of the companies that we believe it, and you go get their money, when you didn't learn in the process and the information public company is, how do youuation?? How do how do you run? 
How do you think about what a business worth in a year, two years five years? What are you looking at based on what the business is doing and how it's running and howed, how it's it all these things that are not intuitive is you you've talked about one of a he's been about, but not the jobs guy mass jobs being work. And the plathe, right? 
The act support all of his execution on the blocks were, right? So they does all theines, so that we can actually go out work on act of we with lots of nerves. But then these active systems are the gay and they're part of the actor system. 
It's a little bit of, you know, I feel like the guy in that I started writing neck, Iack my head up and you know, and I said on that is hell I'm not anymore. because we were done now the realized of an entireation of America and we were putting a limit on our potential, I don't know, you know, in in in in faster vaccin technologies when the next pandemic raise whatever will tell you, weredicted that that pandemic were gonna be a problem in 2015. and it turned out that the jobs actually felt soft for that and the reason is is that, you know, you you not spend money to kind innovate around the technology to shorten the time friends, so that you can get into and into the market with the vaccine, and AI will do that it allow people to effectively do run development and and do com or XVD, you know, so that ultimately maybe need to get beyond within trials because we can do those.. And so the world is the cost of changing, but it because guys got funded knew what they were doing to Europe. name this morning earlier. we have to talk to all of this country about immigration of the respect of attracting and remaining the world'sestract. And we need to get a lot of our part of that right now, I have looked at the numbersly, but we were we were ratats students there were 25% of this was probably five years old. 
I don't was changed in all were Chinese and we were so science technology engineering and map and basketball level. and we were educating these people and we the desenate back to China. I mean, we exported the entire venture capital in this being the Chinese. I said an out come on people.. 
I tell you, we are the people and we have congressmen every single one as your obligation to get here and tell them to protect and adurture and make it easier to bring talent into this country and to retain talent, educate people, that's the capital mark for the people market, and to make capital accessible for entrepreneurs and to make access easier for entreneurs to 16 yearation period. Four to six years, the back where used to be in the 1980s and 90s, who had fixed the damn market. that's what we need to. This is why this is so important for us because we've got a strong opportunity here in the next five years as as aex community as a team, in normal as a grant of argument in real estate. 
I've been in small over the last 20 years. So when the laws catching up to concept of the ide actually work and access to this information, and you work in the community. I borrow was a big he said we need to educate what do what they want to do. 
Number one, you're not forced into do anything.umber two, you can join our class and we teach you how to go, you get contacts and contrast to work. or number three to do it with us. We have three choices to integrate in our community and then become part of our community. organ is to continue to attract relationships with people like data we innovating the markets to make it more free markets, driving access to moneyro business we're working on a strategy that you just mentioned, you're working on strategies to bring this down to even the smallest business system, so you could have the same letters with your teams to retain in long term and up be able to allow them to share value of the table create, but without all that complexing of all the rules shared the economies to scale on economies and sculptures right out of business school one1.. I want just say thank you toant and toand because I mean, I love what you guys are doing. 
I love the approach you technique. I think that, you know this is this is a this is sort of what we kind of intended to see how what the job acter words. and then it give people options that they otherwise would not have ad for. options have bound people, right? And then you always thought that thought that in. 
So, do you guys could be a lot of optionality for people while not? And so I wish your all God scheme, I think are. I think you are incredibly successful. 
I think you an active more successful over time. But I also like incredibly important role in the success of a million moder resulttimately I a real foundational amount in the US economy so just wanted to say. Thank you.. 
This is this is our We're gonna have many others, and you will see him come back. If you knew the stuff that we're landing for the small business case. We're looking on together. 
It's so electrified, it's so unly exciting. trillions and trillions dollars waiting to find their way to the gas. The old traditional system is built out the new markets will and your primary so. here's. I get the. and then we're gonna go. we use that information that could possibly the thing that that chang your life, it'll it'll get you up the speed while you like this. 
I of the three years years ago. It's literally was like one. only three years later actually. There's so many business on the floor, you don't if you don't understand how access, the cash, convert cash. 
I'll you almost eight million. comes in, how we're going to be building the resources for you to not only create generate warnings, preserve make sure you' secure the process. we're talking a little bit about the identification of being small okay. So, first of all, there's 33.200 small. It's a $16 trillion. 
Two/3 may all the first five years, 97 fill in 10 years. I'm gonna do the world where youuss your ass, stretching yourself in for 10 years only after restart. That's the case with nine to seven%. 
This is what I want to figure at half when I launched my business in 2005. I wanted to understand how would we keep as if this were going on as we do a great your business on. and you just want toceed like you, just simp need a little help. Yes. 
So that's what I was. I'm like, if I could figure it out for me, I didn't help you now. to play school, why they brought a businesses, noands for product service, you can't find great people and laugh of coffee doors. Let's talk about how you grew out from our first. let's talk about how you attract and maintain deep great people, and then let's talk about how you clean it. literally we talk about all three of those cities. gave on stage just now. 
And this is the point you reminding these services and these pockets of launch, because if you don't have access to this stuff you can't use. It's an 85 trillion dollar market a. You guys are sitting at the front end of the biggest movement that ever had this company. 
Here' rest of control, I'll tell you what our biggest businesses under 125 billion..5 million business for a $200,000. $1 million businesses for a $200,000 because of these own businesses in years, and even and branding and brand you don't make money, you're willing is to give this because there's money enough. How many people like to the? billions of not trillions of dollars in the glo market and you can get access to that be in the owner of research. 
That's why I be creating is broken because we can't access it without you. Now, I've engineered these boints, which I show what needs to be replaced at what points of the time. So if your business is, when you're trying to to a million, then you're trying to get to three millions. 97 familiar rate happens at 96% of the time period less. so for those of us million on your way to 100, it's a high more percentage of people have actually built in from all diseases. 
There's old at computer arument. So it's a slow point up and it's very slippery, very fast decline. This is why they're called break you're breaking through for your break. 
And when you race your surfaceaction. So what we wanna do is we wanna save businesses, we save businesses, we've saved families, we' same families, we save communities. Save communities we save this. 
The mission is much bigger than just the people. It's about impactines. if you're not good at what we do, or you make a fatal mistake inadvertently, and as never the thing, there's interesting when we ask business owners that failed almost unanimously they all conced that it wasn't the thing that the right possible fail, they didn't see what was coming, that caused them to fail. I might sure called me in my career a great job in their company. 
There was the last thing I saw. I thought I' finally arrived. and it happened in the 15 minute work meeting after seven years of writing, I decided I was gonna get bliety here. So I real first in it is not what you think is what you're not even thinking of. 
No, we' engineered these break points, love breakets to a billion, which is my sure said I was able to build planets to sell the 77in up to a billion dollar company and theno those other countries is working with their small businesss to grow up, and they might. wire. So there's lots of ways to business. here's the thing. If you it's, it's. 
And if you notice something here why you go into business and then what you do have to work, but after what you move out, who, out, what who happens when you get to a billion. Why? You just keep recycling because the business just break like break and the weight gets. 
I haven't, when you start your business, you're. By the time you're 15 million, there's gotta be three of you, you go out of business. By the time you're by, you, by the time of 75 million be. 
By the time 1225 12. by the time you're a billion, there's 24. If you think you're gonna go, your way to get fastest with people, but if people don't feel they have the opportunity business good ones, how many people your own business raise your ears? Keep your hand up if you work for somebody else in your life before owning your rance. 
You all less. Because you work seeing or getting the things that were important to you and you could pursue personally the question answer business, so you lose good people. So what I want to do is give me the confidence of the engineer, because the presentation that I just show you is when I whether that was part of and knew the same together. 
But six months I started a business with my wife scratch. In our first year comes we did 14 million, that we did 38, 83 last year we did 151. In this year will do just over 220 million. 
That's what no invested capital, no debt, and no team members.. 60. I'm doing this one. 
Why do I do this? I can show you and teach you how good you can learn from the people on the so you're not practicing what people who suggest what they did it or actually doing at life fire because here's something absolutely remarkable millionaires, but if they were made there a million years ago, I'm sitting hell they.. I were in the process of building.on nuanced in moment. people who try to have a good work off and they try to put their lungs. 
There you go. So what you're not, you can't. In order to make any assistance or processing procedures with people who care, and you go a light on who find that, you have that, you need to possible. 
So our job is to prove to you that it is possible. There's 10 elements in building a business. first you got have strategy and then you have to vote and you have to hurt and needing to add deliver our your cross, you need to work about money, there should be the technology investment here. school three60s. So if I know what we look for the we want, then the question became, what if I get the business words that weren't interested in sell? 
We weren't interested in mind that we just opt things to look for and make sure they optimize it as a, and that might start this business and doify. And in and 2016 and our two research firms and wrote down 10,000 businesses to the vacant science. The science put out to be both up this hyderally to you, you look at at the citiz, you wrote 12 million for all the surveys, well allowed in a. would not all of the surveys and questions of thousands of business owners who have been built this long. 
Now looks like this, when you start your business, all you care about when you start your business is telling somebody I started my business. I decided my. I just took my own promote for sideotes. 
You the set of promotes everybody outote, we're gonna win. and then you gotta convert. So you gotta be able to take money. and you're gonna teach people to take money. and you're gonna teach them how to promote and take the money because that's what you did when you started the business school, you stop doing it, you don't teach people to do it, and they don't do it with business. Then after that, you thought I'd be able to deliber on cross, you gotta be able to understand money. and after that, you to understand what data I, what I don't technology, so I need to you realize there are these people, I need to go. imagine you get there, the complex of the business kids. 
If you know that there's ten specific elements strategy to the invest pieces 76 ofs, two things you have to answer, you hit your network targets. Instead of worrying about this, you can be.. This is what I do on the business society this is what on the real estate, because if we can give you a coration, we can teach you exactly what we're doing while we're doing it, and then in some cases, would be like, it's lotution, I want go focus on something else. 
I'll just give you theenty of you guys have to go, which is probably logical back in the group. So you that's roast it and you can do it with a world leader reporting on it in the best assets where you invest group and when we can go and require together. take all our money influence together and each other. No, I want to write this down I' waiting for it. 
This is I't really using these charts but I just want illustrates to. And if you do a million dollars in pop box and you create 20 profability that's $200,000 in. There's two things that can be thinking about how much cash can I be each year and how much is my business work each year. because I will promise you, you might sacrifice how much cash in each year to have your business grow or value here. 
But if you're starting your business redempt, you're probably not growing in the value. So this shows you at the break points, the value of your business. So if you took 20% of your profits and you invested that in capital or Carl wrote something that were in your own building for your company?
est building is 80% of the profits for you. If you're value your business, which is the very bottom, I understand how val is free not only master generating more pasto oil and then having a strategy to an investion as oil, but you're also thinking about the equity value of your business staff until he wrote the Johns Act had little than no value other than in a private sale. you no longer than a private sale because we're gonna create a resource for you to bundle your equity in with a larger group of the formality. because size and ends. If you have lis, you nobody have accepters. 
If you have too many supps that no buys, you got no problem, would you agree? So being able to put people to gather and teach it how to create a network because happens you grow your business to a billion, you have an opportunity if you need to either pick anything you want. You want to have a four million R, build a million assist make it like. 
You you now build this network? If you want enough worth you never have to work in, pick a 25 million, maybe 20%. That's five million have a $20 million dollar value in business. 
If you don't know how much money you need to live the rest of your life, and if you don' identify the assets that you want to own, and if you don't have it to target for any of that, how can you possibly build it? Do you agree with that? How can I go to my team and say, we're gonna build a business we're all gonna make a bunch of money and I'm buying a new truck and buy a new boat I'm buying a new house and your team has been worth eight years, and I we the seen down anywhere they before? 
Do you see what happens there? Because it all happened to you. you all work square left there because you weren't getting what you wanna do about somebody else lives. Imagine a world where you go tell your team we're gonna build a 75 million dollar company and has 20% profits we were $80 million, and you know what I'm gonna do? 
I'm gonna take 25% percent of the ninety million would spread it about almost to 15 people to help me do those. I would have people this really want be in the here in the next 10 yearsasier. Okay, see, you agree my sport is? 
And because of the job act, you can now share thatreement without the risk of the leading that, you still know how to do it. So focusing on a network, focusing on cash, here's another thing. This is why we launch part of financial. 
We've invent a business only 60 months on just go over 60 months. I've been doing this with business owner since 2005. and what I' telling you is devastation that happened. you're a business owner and you are grow your business and you all of a sudden to build a 15 million or a 20 million or 40 million, and you're making five million of six million and then you get good. or you how art is it? or you get disabled. 
No one was thinking about what happened to everyone behind you. what happens to the business, what happens to you, what happens to your kids, so there's noame because when we're winning, we is why we're always gonna live. Well, I noticed that important because in a business now long ago, but we was a handful of our reverse the track and some. And so in our financ, one of the things we're doing is we're out of the condition, you'll here, a life coverage program, we have a health coverage program, we have disability program, we make sure that we see the whole. 
What don't they have? While you're up of your business and see to yourartment and driving people into success. when you become dependent on there and they become dependent on you, you're becomes different on you, and then it stops immediately, there's pro. So get this look at one portion of your life, so art of ourancial group is to look youralth management, we're gonna look at your life management. 
We're gonna be looking at the strategies because as I'm illust you, if you're getting a 40% cash rate over over a period of time versus 20, you know, you can add 20 or 30 million to your work just by met being passage. That's why you guys are more tax crash. This is where Grant might spend a amount of time be co. like, where do we invest our money in order gonna be tax and managed shields from the money we earn, what do we do with access out so we can earn more? 
These are the paid strategies, but unfortunately they're complicated and they're expensive, and setting these things up and move them in the right way and on who's selling you and who's advising you and can send you on a path with spending hundreds of thousands of dollars only you or notable. So when we're looking at the business, we're looking at me asking these we're looking at you as a huge being, we're looking at the stin of of people you, if we're looking at your health and your net network across the family, because if the families of are community timesence in small business is what, what happens when when the kidsrees. had a dream now about four or three years later, maybe on the way 20 million and got a pil seems fit the trees up and drop is one of the helpop transport crash.. It's gonna pick those pieces up.? 
That's why we're here, because we work with her, we made sure, and I think that things that have asked herself goes on such again?' helpful. this teaching that set targets and our soon targets and bring people along with you, show that not succeed, how people live with you, so you can win bigger, better, more val share the wealth. I stole my business when I started had two things I wanted to do. 
I wanted to share value with my customers London and broke up business, and I wanted to treat my partner. The day I sold, I wired out 4 offered 15 million land employees every you to work for a day. and all my partments that all theory as a trust. bypass Wall Street in its entireape. and because of the structure, they went with the guys of property and more, we were a community that wereloying way together.. we have the ambition, this is working, like how many of you have a target right now right now you can now 2500 garden. I'll give you right example New York. hundred A billion. 
Okay, let me tell you how I don't know how to know and you understand technical andership.. these are the things that this serious things the people it's..'t have to pay taxes..., there's so many examples of been here and thousands it doesn't matter aarkplace and we can tell you the averagever amount for every side of distance in anyanger. It's so easily accessible when we're talking about like. Now the question is, how do you build the value? 
That question. So what this is showing you is if you're generating a million dollars in the left wall, and you're putting 20% a year away letting the money work for you to six percent. They want building your business over the period of time if you walk 125 million, you all accumulated an extra seven like seven million. six percent. 
That's what 40% percent tax. This is why we have our tax twice the money you look after that't told this information is what we're and I don't to do this and it out. tax and you wanna build a billion while you're building a billion business, you can also accumulate an extra $72 billion and that worth by just hiding 40% in the profits. But if you're not taxing man because the same chart is this charter, right here, that's only six million. 
So if you have a rightlet company a sequel, or it's a task or a lowi, this is why entity structure, if you could have $20 million to your networks if having a different structure, wouldn't we want to know that? Ask what a million you could share with your team. If you could go to your team and say, I'm permitted to dedicating toad 20 multime millionaires with me while we're building this company, you think you can attract a higher quality, out with it? 
Of course, but if you don't they have that picture, if you don't understand it, you don't engineer it, and you don't believe it, it's not gonna happen. This is why told the Ukraine that the, he had his training and he had. And what were this weekend in our inventions are known equity group and our financial. 
We've engineered billions of dollars in businesses and the things that we notice are hur gaps are still there in many of and exposing our clients. You've got a couple months, youructure your life much care. And our friends have so much money to have no help. 
You're miserable. They're not happening to you. So, we can treat the human being, your health, your your your your belief knowledge possibly, you've heard a that everything, what energy are you putting off? 
What energy are you obtrracting? Because when you wereuced something we need to transfer that to your team.agine the world because we have it with all these people in a road, and we can start coming to our heads and bringing your team, and we're engineering their life to complement your life with the business opportunity, and then what happens if you're sitting in a room like this, and and all of are being welcome together, but through our part of the group, we're taking positions. We're financing, broke the businesses and you're sitting in the room of business, and you're going out in con, and some where you're somewhere there. 
Some of them are your harbor, some of them are expansion markers. What happens if we do the trillions of dollars we're all spinning with good parties whatever they are. Then we get to this. 
We have much.. We need toalize the community that house. all these different. So we've got it in order to help you if we want to buy this is because we have our own services. 
We just watch the the multi million anybody in home services. Like like we're give you access to buy, having innovation apps to interface with consumers. We' going to big companies like the first company ever. 
So if your business are even go out, no one no one's ever been. tens of thousands of people there's moving around. and you't need toify sit going on. We're democritizing resources, including financial resources, were bringing it to the stage that we worked with uel label police successful, and then we're starting a new company. buyinghes as to our success, so we can all the more. That's the this organization. 
We're gonna have, we're gonna create four companies, we're gonna do more things, we're gonna be more things to more people with project tax. If you tell people by personally professional information attack in their lives, they're gonna be more like to help which leads us to this. This is a consolidation of all the other.. 
I on Friday. one million and the value have this is very mod24,000. This is the problem being. about what wants to buy. I think you bigger, you're multiple and your value to go up, so pick $25 million, 15 minute investing, you have an extra money investment, and now you're million. 
You gotta take your time. you want your network. You should take a picture of this, just one, what line, just one of these and say, I love back. You know, I published you when you achieve it, you're gonna off the next time. 
You it all goes out. It happened. You have the power free. 
Our jobs create the tool to help you accelerate the creation. It's the in issue that people who know right in of the innovation.. But the thing we can't is like a choice. 
You have to you have to believe it. Everything rises from fall under your belief. Local belief will resolves huge belief high results, but belief without operational effectiveacy ability to get better every day and increently improved to a sust standard effect in part of a team of people that are getting better to get them. 
You' track your belie in revisual. And what at the end of the day it really requires that this is what I've learned from dram 12 is that a taste in the enormous amount of resilience would need leadership. I have to be li up. 
I have to be permitted. I have believe in my are. I have to have courage. 
Those are the things I have to have, and now can be very. especially when we here and everybody else around that. But to scale have to now transfer that from the leadership, until we knew yourhip. 15 million or 75 that you 100.5 million statistically, if there's not three years in the country 15 if there's, if there's five or 25, if there's not eight a 75 year out there's not 12 125 year. you cannot carry the way of all that. So the leadership goes for me to one break point two to we, and then eventually if 75 million, something naturalical happens. 
If you have a high performance organization, if you have if you have people that are persevering the chall, you've been charging and living with you, your culture takes over, so the way you compel your business, the hardest part is where you give up, you? Then when you go for meeting leadership, the we leadership, your culture takes over it's us leadership. and when your us leadership kicks in and you're the founder, you don't even know the problematic voice because your team you're not proality conversations and the emotional dramats about who you're mad at on, because do the things going on are too big and you have to be winsating. But to find your company for me to mean to us requires you gonna have high belief, and when you have high belief and you have high viewership you have to have operational effect. 
Because this is the thing that brings discipline in a front building into business with the things that drive. Everything's in the algorithm. It's all mechanically cut you down. and what we're doing is bringing to you the strategy and the structure, the system, the process and the heat so that you can do a bigger, better, faster, you interested. 
Now, my ambition is I told Brandon when we partner taking what he has to have, what 60 months we're gonna create 125 million is be worth than. And in the next 60 months, they're create a billion dollar company.'s. Now, we're a year ahead of so if you look at the value market, you created in our fifth unus of this year, you're gonna be more score at 650 and 7 million.. 
I've been automition that help the end of the start. find success. I wanted to understand how Wall Street works, so we create and duplicated, but without all. I want to understand how values created, how synties created, how econities of scales are created, how leverage is created to art and so the people doing the work that actually get out. and they can shares. 
Because if you have a hard share with your teams, you're gonna hireract teams. You're gonna have when I stole my last company, my whole leadership team for 65% of the first job you ever had then would be 12 14 years and they to $1500,000. That's the thing you know, and even was still there wanting it today. 
If you think you're gonna hire five million sol problems, you're hire. You've created problems. You will let something fix it, and then when you try and bring something and you people that they write it worse. 
You have to grow your people. You have to hire attitude train for the results. You have to align your people with the opportunity to a show picture, you got a lead to the forest. you have to inspire every day does be there for when they separate us feeling to step in and hold their hands and open when a king gets sick, you need to offer the sense of they open their hope in. 
You need to feed everything to those people because you need them to be everything. to take the sand stuff putting statistens I donuts. statistics.. Well, we need to go create them together, and then we will establish the rules. And if our rules are people to help us do it her to share us, so we're attribut with respect and dignity. 
We're gonna inspire you to power you through the best version of you. we're gonna be the tools and the resources so you can throw the skill within every employeection. Money isn't the first thing that's been. They want to be appreciated. 
They want to be the all, they get challenged. They want to be recognized and rewarded, and then they want to make a fair wage. 83 percent of youreaded your business directly opposite. You didn't want toosh, you didn't want to be told what to do, you didn't want to be held down the way, you didn't want a limitation of your, you wanna do with a bullshit, so you start here little bit.. 
And you wonder why you have a problem attracting great people. You started your business, I called the entrepreneur the women have started it because of what you did at watching that people were like you know what it's all. told, and the truth is, you've gotta be what they need to succeed. There's trillions of dollars sitting out there waiting for somebody. 
Yes. You go good. And now we have so many examples of so many entulors doing this. 
If you're interested in talking to our team, about your personal financial aspirations, if you have the right coverageages, if you're spending money on the right place in the wide places, should thisure if you can pop that up. If you're interested in talking about off marriage, if you interested in talking to this stuff, we're gonna build a whole team this. But we got another interest in you want. 
If you're interested in and trust us like we do with France and and I afford this full disclosure on the second part investment. I trust my partnerlicitly. I can't do what he does. 
I don't have patience to do what he does. and he works in the hell doesn't but he always. That allows me to spend my time and energy. I wanna do that for you. when it comes to acquiring rapist assist and and usually in partnership withape, areics. 
So that we can take advant of this kind of money together. No bypassing wall. be in the ex example of the world of what happens when you take a bunch of them, you are all bunch.. In the way from the. 
Does that sound good? Okay, you are here. Yeah, are you. 
Okay, so up. I like, you guys? Yeah... 
Trump. Okay, good, let's disappute it. We talked about a lot of stuff this before. 
We talked about a lot of things. Eric' not. on. You like what like. 
I got a photoball in 2019. from this guy. What were you doing? Uh, fine. see what there protective his brothers, and sisters. 
He says I'm not home a couple weeks. My business is suffering. It looks like it's going to out of business. 
We're doing like $2 million around. I said, what's the data get around me? and now it's. between. 
So happened by the end of? So on track between two and a half million 2019, we ran and started writing the ship and here half.. In six months we go the off business.. 
It's a simple it is doing some simple one your team and you are trained 15 minutes more. And the bottom are with seriously car around you and say we're gonna go a steamun arading, you need. So we' see people out. 
We got the people focused on the things in Americos and they coded him and a lot of people who were bail on their business as weoded. We were not the business respons what to dorisis. all about. You took it and you like, I'm gonna apply this in my market and then what happened here in the year ago. 
And then so we had COVI when everybody was started to shut out, we administered Saturday anyway. go with the bills.? And it gives the thing. does the started training in the sea, he forces them to trade and they got much what they were doing. moves in charge of your business. The team or you? 
So then, the way we look at 200 mirables at the marketplace, his market share for where he was have his capital. I said we are road and b these tank. So when we started looking at businesses buy we found our distressed business in Lasazines is in, what happened there. 
So we found this guy had 16 locations and his business was just tanking. He was kind of like me the year before. And so we from the afternoon afternoon we went in there, we started we just went through shopping, shopping and shop, and just kind of started looking around and I was like, okay, is this a viable option? 
And then so we ended up sectioning on half of them, so we said, you know, we'll we'll talk to you about these eight and it was kind of mixing the magic people a million dollars of the bucks and then, so we just round them in ground because he had the pressure on his side we didn't have the pressure on our we had money in. He did it. So, whether it up happening is we required this a location for basically another over the cit. 
We said, okay, we'll take these 50 people off our hands and then we'll close the business, we fire people we fire. And then we I mean, we put them back from our hiring process. A lot of them can't get through that hiring process we had to line to how our business are.. 
I guys experi things. this guy was carrying people around and we identified the bottom of the earth for energy process. We terminated everybody table need to go through a reiace, we rehire extraity put our policies in place, all months. Wehire, put all work using the exact process we entry work. and then then we we just under 149 and then going into the next year, we have come in. 
They said, a minute, how are you firing all these people hiring all these people, how are you you doing these targets? How that have set these things using the research that we? And they said, we have all these locations that are suffering. 
We don't have any stuff that you. We wanna buy. So that end negotiation. 
So what we ran into before is we went through the whole process with our original four business, we built it all, we had this profit market, and when these guys are like, we have show them and I said, this is what we're doing, so this is my price and this is my turns. you guys want this price and this turns, and you, you guys, I keep going keep a new better.. And they wanted to find more than they wanted to be. So 36 months I I wanna explain how pastics.irtyirty months and you going out with having a nice business when you be two million in round within another five months. and that what value 22X.. than his industry standard. 
He went from thinking he was gonna go out of Lesies with less than four years of being able take 109 as what a big multip fire on it, million, tens of millions of dollars. And in the middle of all that, he had one of his best friends with his helping in the business who started scrapping back, oh, I don't wanna fire people, and I don't wanna have to do do this, I' not comfortable just find me out on my. That cost a lifyle. 
So when I get to tell you is that perspective that happens to it context and contr contract. and a lot of you are doing it to trial err you. When you do when you gain the perspective through trial error, you start setting all these false beliefs in your mind how as possible. I would just tell you this is a living example, and we have multiple living example to people who are trying to figure out how they're gonna stand in business. now how they gonna pass the big that they make more than their rather it was three or four years ago. 
I'm just inviting you to be artless to be because now we move to if you're in the autom space, autoire, you're doing a huge project right now. We will help you do exactly what we need it. We're putting a natural route to cover for single roofing single things about. 
We have a compished our things cycle the notables and they have context got interesting, you can in those people, youaster.. the thing, we weren't really private back. So if you go back to that, it's like fact, we have five hundreds for hundreds and millions of dollars that we were doing the private four years ago, our investors would have participated in those a. So now we're gonna be doing it with thousands of business owners. if you believe in all our attention now being serious about where we're willing to wre our myself, this is why weolog. we can get you into the system. we can trade over now that you participate with us, because this is what Mia is said. educate people the to do it themselves. give the tools and resources to learn how to in the right way and they want to be with us this is we are today, you're you're sitting here saying, hey, what am I doing? 
One you can do nothing. leave here with the ex in your best, but we need the Boston criminal errance, your home, uh go on the crow funding side. I'm back here with David, uh Eddie Valentine I stay with him many because he used his words. I don't even understand. 
Not even sure he understands it. I think all stuff is kind of like la la, blah, blah. What we wanna do is we want you guys to get rich. do not get rich money it is impossible. 
You cannot get rich, you don't. It impossible. Everybody that is rich investor and they beat the IR and the S. That? 
So the first thing we understand is how to cut for be an IRS. We wanna help you with that. You don't need to do thisir yourself. if you're gonna do about yourself, you've already done this. 
You just got, okay? So the second thing you can do is join the welcome. The third thing you can do is put $250,000 of equity. 
If you're a credit, if you're not a credited, you can't do it, so you're back in your welcome, we want to buy your gen club. to be part of a growing audience of people so that me and him could do more together, imagine if there was 50 of us, than a hundred of us, and a thousand of us. There's 60 miles in the United States of America, none of which you other lives, you like those of their names of thears andarl andilities, but you don't have any contacts. This is what I tell them will back, I don't know these people who who do you guys do go at? 
J B.? Do you know somebody with there? Can you get a meeting when did it? 
You got a go follow Jacob? No, you don't have to go, you getting here a million dollars in cash, you're not getting a meeting there because this speed is so stacked against the regular people, and they only be even the playing bill is be joined together. hundreds of,000 in a week and weak both black rocks not raise $100 billion dollars. Mike say we bought $4 billion dollars worth of bitcoin the swan. 
And you don't know what happened, maybe some of you did, okay? I' gonna give you guys an inside track of what's going on. Every time I get another relationship, he gets another relationship, we share with you, you know, hely basis. 
We're gonna go to lunch, we're gonna back at one time, but we have”


