# Voice memo 4 (source duration 0:54:38) — raw transcript segment, split from combined RTF export

“when he's done in his business and it's not short of remarkable. Heed it in a $21 million acquisition of his company hormcycics by Sutism, one of the largest transactions and pharmaceuticables and biotech history. His latest venture son of therapeutics is a publicly traded company that currently has a market cap of half billion dollars. and by the way, this guy has everything he has touched in his career has turned to old. so this is thatiration name say. most importantly he actively contributes to women rock causes, uhapical world, uh continuous supporting the animalual contributions of his own totally not hundreds of millions of dollars. 
It could this eight before that to learn a little bit more about your story gentmen, please give it up for the whatever we Bob.. that.. I' sitting there on the sl who the hell is that? now. say that every single thought today, I just mentioned the backstage. 
It's not a person alive. It has an ad the chall is the problem errors and have had had that energy that overcome of chall problems and there is about winches, and ability to give taxes you get. There is no...vert guys that we're all in, but they' hard time we look at, that's why I went out in the first four letters about here E E A L the line. readers edit the show and... those numbers are dynamic, right? 
I mean, it 13key today, 12 tomorrow, A, the next day, four, the next, is my head said, I don't really pay attention to that. I pay attention to it. What difference what impact I have life in? 
I know of a very basic Charlie of the tea, of the trunk programs that he put it on and a grandard down or what the group is put it on here, we all haven't heard that made a difference... anything, how do you? How do you make that? And money? 
I have really some definitions today and we'll see what really drives me, and I think you'll see that I opinion with you. within the of ethics inality, the question is not, right? No, no, no. I mean it seems like there'sical to say, this is WE a wealthy wealth Westernore of the word wealth. 
WE AL wheel. What what is the arcade definition of wealth Avenue? What would you say money? 
money doesn't buy happyiness?alth doesn't buy a happ as?alth you are your health it doesn't your your happy doesend on your wall. 
Why is it wealth and happiness to end an end? Because when you produce wealth, you better product it. Wh what part are the three basic challenges you get to be happy? 
Overcoming various consideration, upset, failures, and succeed in any way, you're happy you did it compemplace good things coming up. Hopefully you came into the room, you were gonna hear Charlie and Bobby were happy. I learn these two guys. 
And then the final one is good things happy to and good things happen all the time, because there's other people around that would like to see you have you, resume is amazing with it just pointed out. I guarantee there's just said I' know a really successful person as an overcome and person ads give us this sort of reflection point that is the biggest group of you overcome that led success later, but produce well, I help other than coming out and I know this woman getting slide on the ass with as I, you know and land and being people like this. So life is full of challenges all the time. 
There's is one harmony that has succeeded in my pres It didn't give me day or a week remember. I' what I know and I would have done for all of them. So I say I'm a champion of. 
I say I about it, you don't know can't hurt you. But when you find out about it, you shave your head, here's the bottom line an individual, I love the word genius more about it as we talk with. G needs to bring about to be you get work here. 
It has been news user thousands and thousands of year. forth contain. So a genius is you a container of the ability to bring things about that happen. That's that's just a basic of light. you hear a game this whole game of life is to create. without people creating you're not here, I'm not very tri matter, this building is here, there's nothing here without creating. 
So given that that's the case, and a common denominator to life is survived, did you know that the early be the word survive serves being super and B used to live in a man that puts a future there. So it's all offering a valuable affluent abundant future there, so the notion be began to step in and I'm glad I' here. and if you a chance to come back and I up back and I like thatate, that's what it's about. Well, our definition is happy, be productive, is a part of life, everybody's life, and everybody wants that, and when give the chance to do it, but plant has a tendency of holding down,ashing down, there's no use with money money money is a form of energy. 
Life is about energy. It's why your ability to use the energy and vector directed in a direction to take great survive the super life. But I want teach you when you leave today or whenever you want to get a chance to look at the word survivor. 
It's in the dictionary as the ad aology and they serving her. Where'd you ever hear that? You' 20, you never heard that before. 
I had heard either two months ago. What does this definition of this word survive? Superhe, you're kidding me. superike and not when I look around, okay, archaic definition well, happy, where' that come from? 
So look up your wordsape and one willow pitch over, go to the end of the hall.ord small, the action are inaction in life. They don't start and then you do the ad jump jump beside jump on what they call a jumping. But we're a proclivity to have 10, 20, 30, 50 meetings. 
So if you don't understand it all, I sure you get to the etymology of the word for you comfortable with a b above, you. I. you soire by, when we stud... There's on. when I was a kid, I, you not. 
I't, you. I invent my definition is like, you work hard and get off. I got to the, what's the definition of work?
letion ofintention. energy smack completed your intention, then get entered last. So yes, I work. Yes, I went to school for six years. 
I attended school every day when I was at school. I played a sport at your girlfriend and I was busy on anybody else, I did not target get in a degree, but I learned you take me, you take the experience of years and far out, six of my top company came out of that I met at the. was involved in the Internet exploation. I built a company who made an improve that had to be digitiz a fortunate to a part of that I was that I had no idea what I know there's hot wires in the sky and I and I got that. that's really cool. 
I mention of uh communication from my friend transcript Mr. Har, and I said that that mention back and forth that would be helping communicate better, either that format is a digital handsome glove to that one this is gonna work. and the identities going on the Internet. So work, yes, I attend school. Education, yes, I say. 
I'm not educated, I'm not sitting here in front of you today, and I should implore and encourage everyone to get educated in ways it can really help them, but know your words, know who you are, and we'll get into a little more that and what was the education that help you in control and in that? Well, that was that was the career. that for the guy. He said, you're investing money for playing all all. and he said, I just don't want to be a guy who people what they do you know, oh, I listened toug and that fire. 
I got a job. And he got he gotopped. He started a little hot talk stands. 
I woke up back around 20 miles from my home the reached and I. It was this shit, but I had one rule, I nervous terror. I said, I don't. I went around, I finally found a girl who was her husband who signed by Tuesday cook as an ad cookies by someone. 
I said a necessity talking toby, right? But I was five hours later, they hard, say you gotta eat them when they're fresh, so that cook said we'll we'll sell that cooking, and I realize that it would go hard for the baby so I found that I was looking at a newspaper, now I'm in, right? Now I get curious, it's it's a geniusit characters a curiosity. 
I reading the newspaper section, I'll I learn how to read my reading four se and playing a game of that, I reading now that a cook section recipe and gets into this recipe and then said this is the most up in the world and the read, oh God, basketball, I sent it in the paper, and they said, well, each of the rescue back in that day, and then said 30, four I set up for the end you promised in ten days and then six day, I need to see this recipe. two days later I got the rescue. I took a recipe and took the raisins and a coconut out and I used it in with the nested chocolate it became the number one selling chocolate.. a hot was very crowed and we were the second world and you couldn't, you off.s of cur cur... you to work for canor the cell orat and, theate for normal self, and they don't realize it, butl they like, they go fast and go fast and go longer, they will consume the volume and the source of will elaborate what happens. So we've come along in medicine with chemotherapy radiation to resolve issues of cancer. and you say the word canered, it scarely crap off, right? 
congratations. survived. help you the medicine. is the medicine of you and you and your attitude to and what is your attitude here? And you are you really in and compliment whatever approach you take or resolving, your chances are best. telling you not survive. When I saw the justress, they saw. 
I have to the meeting and I come. And then I was my brother, my doctor was possible. and I said I don't out just said and goes, we're gonna get you right hair. and I got the right hair. I know that approaching the collection, I and said he had a care down be the my wife. 
So it is amazing what you doing, and you had an post. Yeah, here's a really you your life to say..G, but they' so so what what does control the body? 
It's a body. What is there anything else there other than the body? Well, actually, if you are no words for 1828 person dictionary, you look up the word spirit, that the immaterial immortal, and intelligent aspect of a human body, which is 22 years old, and I looked at that and I go, that's it for me. 
I totally got it. That's my favorite great model. I'm an athlete, and I know in athletic, there's a moment where you move, you shoot, you catch your passion run and it says, where does that cover? 
It's not that your DNA or somewhere on your brain. That's you observing the noise. NASA. 
The sign happens to visit to your. NASA time to move you move on it, let's go. And someone says, you know it' gonna be successful, and I say, no, but I do writing in. it's the intention that I have to be completion. 
Do you not get in and get something and it's true you cancer the medicine. Do you decide you're gonna live or not? And you decide, you're gone, you'll go improves the there's you to understand and and employ everyounce energy you have to discover what does you mean, what is spiritual capability? 
immortal and infinite? OK, from the very beginning, where that is there' infinite amount of time, you're gonna be here in this body or not, you are back of this energy, which money is a form of energy. What this virtually? 
is that nothing nothing that has the ability to create in the physical universe as something. That's pretty damn hard.. That's you, and don't forget about. they get going talk, you go, okay, no test where this guy died said the other day. 
What can I do? What's one thing I can do, and that's not gonna come from a section of your brain or your DNA. It's gonna come from you, and begin to build out and validate that, and then look at the wordgenius, and there's 24 traces that is now various associated with genius that are your inate in more inherent ability to make a electro right to make this survive, original definition, the action definition, super abundance, to make wealth, happiness, and an abundance all talk about. 
It makes it with is the miracle of life to you to get here shares with you. you when he writes about he's an immediate visit. That's a powerful lot and one time he goes against him and he still survives in the lead. He probably not being in Germany is incredibly powerful. 
We all know that. And so is you're welcome. and it's also true for you. just have that or belie that you can do it start with, there must be a solution to this. I'm gonna do it, I'm not giving up on this, and then things will work out. 
I tell you again, every company that has been successful I've been apart, I had that one, I looked at the, but I wasn't thinking because I would done journal has a little symbols in your life that what they. But you are a surfer... Yeah, yeah, I was the business an allergy here. there exclus to, I'm 16 years old and I'm looking in California about, and I hear about somebody a server and I just felt attracted to it and I'm looking through a serious robot Miller on the first guy of the planet that or a mail order surfboard. 
It was a I got aboard and a little series robot note back then what, you know, this was back in the 60, that they were on to something big, but they didn't know, you know, not Amazon just you grew right up and it did this thing. But certainly is the mostore because you're catching a an energy wave it's a wave, right? And I love ways and of energy. 
It's an energy weight, and when all of a sudden you got get all you've got with what's coming your wave and you paddle when to stand up, when do they do, when it turn, and you just all, so once it's done, you're just like, woo, it's an impressive time experience it's hard to you just't explain in words, but once you do it is it just like, I know, you just run down and you... I you know, I love great great services. I here in the audience, but but I'm good okay. 
I use a lot of money. favorite cooperated. see the? everybody's got see the. big ways guys guys going out to serve and you got a mentor and he's trying to get out in the big ways that did weerve? We just look here and then tell me what you're thinking in the background that the guy comes back two days on what you think about. 
I mean, what's out here for? There's a wave to get out in that wave and right against the rock, the wave's coming against the rocks and they can't go through, so the water pushes the back and it also goes out. along side of this one, you get your board and get right out and bunch of these places, some of them are 2030 feet high. You go through them, it takes a guy is really strong and make that happen. 
But it just to or line. observe the first step incompetence for each of us is observed with your ability. and I mean really use that nephew, how do you observe? You proceed and get indised. my class wife and say just front two women. You've never seen a five of these two women. 
They beat each other up and when they got rob, the woman who was bitch got back up, she was trying extra strong as she was. He had a better just the first. this guy walk away. He began making the first two is not gonna make it. 
He didn't, he got hit in in the, he cracked up like, whoa, and then I did not look it right out and instead of coming back the guy, he was tentative, and I knew he knew that he learn went that. and I didn't paid a j lot cred and I just pound enough there. You know that like a real man. these are two great people, but my spirit was my combin with Russians, right? shit. 
He got top to Jake and he said he yeah, that's the way you like taking you get back up stand in the down and all of a sudden you mig. I think people up at Mike this is that. Just to get in that word at 5958 and go to. the guy after your age and box lights around 9 o'clock place. show the sort of perseance that each ind the game like, and that's you always be, right? 
win something you're in, and when you're in, why we pardon? You're be pardoned out. go in all in? everything you got your go come back? 
Well, I mean, a lose is is a month.s not a company that got all the time you really lose is you quit before you lose, is just one second before, you put I a company that was gonna do an ethanet, uh, uhocated and AT was so powerful, and you just could not get it through the wall of the that ETED guys that the reality we' right here and we owe out a million so you let them go later million that investig all the, I just right with it right with what you doing you doing what you doing no problem. But don't walk out a loser because you're the victim, you do not walk away as a victim, is not tag you and stay with me. The victor, be the handled hail, shut it down and you want you, but don't walk out, Lucy hand it, you. you don't have to be that. and you don't do it, you realize who you are. 
You, you make life go. You did that first survive. You bring them afterwards combound success, and as not come back, you're gonna come back here, you win. 
It mentioned particular, what that means. It's very important. networks called, like, I UC go to a UC system and like four and the virtue like 24.ination population and I lost to about this UC cash, so it's a UC Santa mark.'s by and a good call there I met a gentleman named her and had a work master and went to Sanford where VHD on on investment and his that at end to a, not enough about theory rash standard in our rotation on the. beot and use a a lecture at UCSP and uh which was class we talk about how small r companies. And yeah, I really thought that was cool. 
I had as a kid, I looked at my sports page. I was a stock page, and I played a game, which are the problems of like six different columns who would have stock you can't make money without working for it, you want it wrong, so I was looking into the stock standard look at the company.. had to work with the money. So was talking about how was and and I wanted to come after, I attended this class to for a great I. I really correct. 
I heard on my sense in, so matter for money. I'm. I know where you know.. 
And research in California and had an investedirm reinvest. There are Boulevard in B Hills. I didn't know how do that I gave an obst Bouleard Hills, we can work together, you, I do I help and I started $5,000 half a million, another seven million, I investors on all that really have regard to herb measure her really to the basic investigate before you. 
I. And answer? I was I served him. So what did you what are you do you on a power? 
you service the hell off? I a little bit, but when all the movie stars showed up on on one party, turns out they pay $1 million. for write a test kind of appeared in there. and how you know, no way paid a name. color religion, everybody aspect for population. to experience that prayer, they want. We do this right here on this plan this back, and the rest of the world will be an envy and we will beond you are. measure we were all measure. 
I not you. I' we measure by you. You give it get this an exchange and keeping that exchange.uring your kids, measure your your neighborhood. your part of life, you're a greatest sand on the beach, if the other gra disappear, your grand sand, that's not too much. 
But if other people are out there operated shoes, they're really not the beach. and we know man times the beach. We gotta hit our heads around mankind, not just around I French and you around and we should have known each other hours and cross we got off. We don't have a we have to yesterday and all this is this is, specific. take a lot of companies, you know, I have yielding that taking a there's a lot of tri embarrassed. 
You know, random still, you know, it's necessary to scale up. I'm saying, well, it's like you're the opposite, you know, you scale up other ways, and you don't have to deal with Gary Gessler, he has a CI general thing you have to say? Yeah, well, yeah, it is not life you are you expressing yourself, and you'll express yourself from a view point of complex the environment in which you live, right? 
So, uh, I think it has to be evaluated the big juicy kind of metapolism, itogy you get a multiple times earnings and times seconds, whereas in the whole day, you take the shotsi egg, there there was no multiple of earings that the horse had to use to build the Shopi good, which is looks as good today that did the day they built that I give those people a lot of credit for the buy of it of America, a lot of credit. Now, you take your company, you do a billion business and get $15 billion in value for your business, because the guy Ryan deals it over the next hundred5 years, because he paid enough money to pay you that $15 billion and that not such a great mechanism to expand capital and to grow capital without UNI I lose UN.'s not one lose game. It's a win for game. 
So you have a visit that you want to capitalize and and expand significantly, publication good, because you could pay your fellow patriots in your company, you pay money, and you pay them from options throughout them, and they get involved. I here, as a member of the. just one of our we're sitting in in in Wood side, California's a great ways you at Woodside.s an outside Silken Valley, yeah, in in Mar Nancyi Juan. Everybody knows N Chicago Blackland, nice guy, a very actable guy. 
McGee, she's star you aan W. is and I know I don't I recognize him too.ript the bigger that they' everybody asking me to say, well, let's just walk in out of the wave if he walk by and he says hello and I say hey, this isgie's on angry we just wanted to say hello you. one of the top ten inch and he look right over the back, number one of 10. Then when they' leaving, you use the picture time. My son's there, I'm there, and he's there, and you are trying to take a picture yet I receive right eight and a picture. 
You walk right up to the, is. you're one on one.ude This guy's worth3 million dollars and he just a one on one. My next day be in the exact household, I said, as you want, and we' know everybody knows has anybody. Yes you want, just said that our CEO is number one I want to pay attention to her, we have you. 
He's her in Germany, she got a magic and normal, your hand on. It's all about our story, your story and your potential story is what you can do you if you believe you don't believe it's real hard to you the you know, in the space. I like that. didn't answer my question. 
Yes, I said it situation. I mean if you grow wannaap out, it's the least cost of money. That's where you after, what's the least cost of money? 
If you're a ski on or a wealthy family, and you don't need any more money, you might value your privacy more than reading the Charlotte in, you bringolders in recognize they are owners of that business and you have to treat it as subject. We have a rule of the confidence that our own. Good news, we get it out to you as it is appropriate in a context of what we're doing. 
Bad news, we validate and get it out to your right right. No doubt know why give me a moment, I'll fix it. This bad should be your order.. 
You to our intermedi, we discussed an answer and a lot of big of an, we start we stop over anybody have anything to say, I don't hear anything, they walk off this. I value you as shareolder and participant. What you think about the business count, you own it, right? 
You want to new go. I like that energy of other people want to me and you do low. That's how I like out., are, but uh red tape, and I believe it's easy do I get my actual. he's a very guy. he is sub and overcome those defeats and you know, visit from his dad for his head all the things he's had to overcome and he stands up for life and he said, hey, we gotta be a lot of excited, why are we here? 
He's defining survive. why are we here? If it's not for time to be and make things go right ourselves. It's here, more time being in the NBA. 
The winners are practice tomorrow way, why do I might this sport tomorrow? It's really all about woody, but all about woody is all about being able to lose and get back up and play the game again with the knowledge of what happens, the cost the loss is you won't be do it again and you're gonna be better at it because you can have that experience, and you then go to a mentor view because people have always push power in the direction that you depend on and never underestimating about the value of validation to the source of someone gave credit. They've noticed you, they've noticed you. 
Life is if nobody notices you or you you do not notice anyone else. We're here to be honest, so do good things and you'll be noticed, you'll feel good about it. That's just it's a wave. 
It's a communication one. You know we get along well we communicate. I loveery, but when they areustrated, from the poor sky and to the youngest kid, you're walking by and you right by them and say,ola, right back at you, equal. 
Hola,omo stop, right away there after that New York City.... I wasn't afraid what you say. New York, the environmental. you know, I mean the ris isation 21 million far. the biggest ad you double investment banks and people here are a lot of people smell, smaller, big have bags builders shorts. 
The kind of like, when you swimming sharks and you, I saw for 95% and the other five percent. a headline.. I got into medicine and gave it good. and he said, what's missing in medicine, there's one word missing in the medicine that's. medicineicine and additional therapy, especially between candid, is decidedly non friendly.. what's the third definition of Fred in or dictionary? An alliedor across this world. 
What did Charlie? And he mentioned it when he saw his doctor, he saw a malignant,ignantalignant, but somebody said, Charlie, these, I think you could make it. Charlie took that he said he thinks I could make it. 
He said, I'm gonna do it. The guy who said, Charlie, you know, you take your do that you're gonna do, you're gone. knows you see you five days or not. Charlie would have made it, but most people wouldn't, right? 
So, this this whole thing about what what you believe what you believe in in terms of pushing my Lord is really validating those validating you is really wild. And in the world of medicine, we came into a friendly and it stole the show. That's what everything wanted the most important thing is, what am I do about? 
By the way, what that my the way, how it? But the first thing I'm gonna get rid of this bank and don't get the guy that you know, isict him for a drug out. Weim adapt in the. 
I think that' involved.. You're you're hurting brothers and those are looking at you. those are you, you hire an attorney, therefore puttinging is to run run the show. That first is working for you and a good friend of mine, I said, you. realized that attorneys are working for you, you're not working with that your pain you're working with you. 
So what's true for you, what's true for you is probably a powerfulraid as I be you today. What's true for you? that you as you're not the. 
You look, how do you? do you think what you think? What the hell you your life? 
You may have a breakthrough obsession, people you don't. I do people are they'd be out, they were not. and they didn't want, and we built their multiillion dollar business. I want they transition from communist in the capital, you started an outdoor billware visit and he started expanding fast in six months and learn how speakroat, he did American things. 
He wanted be success of the life. his following said, we went to the library, I' gonna read a book on Ted Turner and a billboard, he came back home. and I've never seen you so upset. all day long I open the libraryrity and I want to find out about Ted Turner and Billbert and copy when he did there aren't any books? Next day he scratched his house and when you'reagging it, you're happy. And yeah, I figured out there reason that there's no books, it's a really comfortable business I't tell anybody about. that's how we' gonna do it. and you went over there and yearsmedi. what's true for you? 
That's that's what you have your energy. How much you have? You're not telling you to do something. 
You're teaching telling you. I'll do it whatever later I wanna do it. I do you really wanna do something, and then people will look at you that get there. 
There's a vibration of belief and has a vibration when you have others did, and when they get it to share with you and you win, they loved them for that, and you loved them or articipating, and they learn from you or leading out. I can I. I had a wrapping up onaction and I, let's write a first here and what are we gonna say? and I sit back, you know, you guys and to talk about. 
I what was it really nobody has? eight turn, 10 bang, and nobody can ride a preview press release. me. I should have. 
I have to be tired. I's like times it' really wild, but always always to participate, even if you assign some tab, give them the right to fail and give them the full freedom to do it, but you gotta be willing it might fail, you gotta take it up and can't my feel the time is you know, good.. perceptive is alsoricted. I can see in that third round and he didn't come back with Mike that he that he was when he was 28, it's over and Jacob. 
I gave a lot of the boxing boxing well, but he finish it we be really upset advertising our knocked out, and we just feel good about. I right because about royalty. Yes and you know, this sports might be a great high school.. two minutes left.ust. 
There is aust the connection that involves given back finally logical I and I found them in a bar economist. I found that a go. I day I. I, I drove my car through and I catch a dog and I distracted in my car along a little bridge and I'm into my car and goes down, I find out you can get a lot. 
So I mean, the streak is has a lot of people on. and all money down and I didn't want to tell everybody to laugh at me, I broke in Spanish and there big, they will get you out. And and they got me out and I said, I'm coming back. What do you guys need when you guys at this is Friday to sixth, is a party time and we need Whiskey. 
So, by hour and a half hours back, that wasoniskey. so then the next day I came back I keep his format, and said, how thebar psychology rep Puerto Rico, let's he know, he said there's a 24,actors to hand and UFC these, because they have potential and everyone and I give I give them all all. So for that going on, I' wanna show you a little video of what's occurred in Arabic, every community, every culture has to slump on. We don't we've give it lot. and I' sick or funny and expect. 
There're on drugs and crazy, and we know what happens when are we going would be great.. down the. and they accepted responsibility for each one of them being a genius and leading a life of true survival and wealth, and I'm asking you to do the same thing. of the American system of theox in the morning changed lives. May said, each is all the better by quality. contro. I'm having one last night. 
I've had a survey what I mind, who I live here? What are the things you would really like? If basically had this caration, it just was totally terrible. 
I said, tell you, one we wanna be educated, and two, tell us, we loved the word. I' written thatript. you, I met the right people and you met the right guy, but it was human kind being a human man. They wanted the NBA and they loved their work. and that is true for everybody that's ever been on this planet except the total derelict which has got in is very urgent, you need to tell it that. 
They' talk about the first. the signal lineoof and really give people rock wallet and theyated sand, maybe, you know, land grade, uh, and just do really well in your own life and then reach out and shut up that. You go to like.com, you alltimate. And if you think you do, I try to do that, then you are in inherites inside and irreversible. 
So even if you're don't knowmedi, you can't get rid of it, okay? So then it might find out what can do for you before you ignore it, in there look at it, and you will just see yourself growing and expanding each day, and here's the trick share it and notice it in others, because it is in others, whether they know it or not, and you see, this is real. We we are hum kind isorn with the capacity and the earth that make a error for the as you as being as.. 
We' one more time...., so aren't that very excited half years as well? you know, one of the things that we start looking at them we putting a c men together with we start going into the 50. Who are the relationships like you have? 
not just friends, but with their our ecosystems about the relationships that we have, they can share insights and perspective on things. They're happening at top levels of the organization of the world worldines you, world. The interior, from goldA. 
I mean, that is like the top top top little language crisis is in the situation we're trying to figure out how to solve it. So we start looking at all our relationships and fortunately, about a year and a half ago, maybe two years ago, we brought somebody into our organization who was a embodies what it needs to operate the highest level, seeing the transactions, seeing businesses with paid, seeing billions and millions of dollars of of money and transactions move around again. fortunately, we were able to bring in within their organizations and as our team. But he's got 15 years of an experience in investment management with the biggest funds in the world. 
The people that are literally controlling the world. he was in inside I. He was the global head of treasury of KKR, which is they have over $500 billion in assets of mar a massive company. He managed billions of dollars in cash on a dayday basis. Has anybody seen 250 million in account in account for? 
How about 50 million in thiscraft? How about 10 million in an account? This guy was managing billions of dollars on a deity basis. 
He managed deals, he structured deals. he helped get deals funded in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Before TAR to spent nine years at service, uh, which is they're running about $100 million to any. These are like the top players in the private activity game, and we are blessed to now have him as our CFO and our COO of our adventures. ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the stage for any Valentino. 
Who wants to build raise his dollars in play? All right. I'm in the right place, so I'm here today talking about private activity. private before. hands up only a few people? 
come on. All right, and who actually understands why that me to explain how the ones where the investment process, the fees? Okay, so if you raise your hand, could you walk out of? 
And how many people are invested in”

