# Voice memo 5 (source duration 2:04:05) — raw transcript segment, split from combined RTF export

“Let's do. So encourage you guys to join this club will change everything for you. It's gonna give you more confidence, more perspective, more clarity, and you're gonna be able to run faster, okay? 
Continuing along with experts with lots of experience, we norm couldn't access to get access to. We have another amazing speaker coming up for a panel here. and he is the global private equity lead for a little company called KPMG. How many you guys are a KPMG? 
Okay.PMG. Before he was a KP&T, he was the CattleL for a $26 billion dollar frank of publiclying line.. In that role, he's consulted on hundreds of billions of dollars. kind of I don't know if he'll share this on stage. 
Maybe he'll share some of mind that's working up they're the biggest names in the world of finance. You guys right now have the opportunity to learn from it. It's an information from them, it's a data from, so you can see how the people at the top of the the top echeons that the financial world are playing to get. 
So I'm very, very excited to introduce to you guys now. Jeff Rock.... So the private. 
What kind of the combination? what size are you? Yeah, so so the group, uh the first an extra having today, um I did or anybody wants to know hit me up, please feel free to do so. um uh so so any, you know, the group that I up, uh you deal with the largest private for earth in the world. 
Um, we have specific meat parters that deal with that private refer you thinking of the Carlisle, the PPR or Vegas wax, those those are the firms that we', you know, targeting and doing business with. you think of those uh private equity firms, they have in services that we' providing them is the manager of the private manager itself, but more importantly, the endosystem of portfolio companies of companies that. and you all that's the eosystem that, you know, I've sort of wrap my arms around in the lifelines and trying certain. these guys provide service Exactly. so you know, the Swedish service to berovised gonna be, you know, audience for the portfolio companies, lies potentially in the fund, significant tax works, and the tax would be tax clients, maybe tax returns, you know, each individual company, but far important out ad side of the act structuring, uh taxability company they train the actual side. um and then our advisor similar egg, as well as technology, the whole Swed ser. and so what Walmart HK and that that's anywhere from the dollar to, you know, $2. Okay, and and private firms have Canadian what would say where Aaron said is that but what? It strange, so if you think of a whole racket private firms that there's, you know, as there's private refirms are dealing with, you know, I say, you know, denture, water market all the way up to, uh, like I said, the old bracket, private equity term really occurred that I personality dealing with, uh, you know, the larger firm they' spent, they're spending in your advisors, probably worth than a billion dollars in into the water. billion dollars a year outside service. 
That's the best lot of money. And so these are the large ones that disappeared over the world and they can't migration all the world. the exper these have more competency is ra capital, most likely the institution, and looking at capital work in terms of buying selling various companies. you know, there there's staff, so call that, you know, a $25 to $50 billion private equity firm when I say billion dollars as the amount of money they manageaged, they may only have the stack of four to five hundred people, right? And and that is what maybe they have 100 to 200. 
They' not to want to stack up large back county, large legal, a legal out. I was thinking of technology, and they don't need to, you know, put out that at expense, but more so than the expense, they want the best expertise.s right? So it's not they're not in the business or understanding, but the latest, uh, you know, the latest tax issues are the latest, um, you know, depends on certainly you providing, and they're not that's not their job people.. 
So, at one point in the company is throw at what size, you better in the they are elaborating up. However that is the right is the right time to say? It's a good question. 
I'd say it's it's it's depending on the it's probably dependent on the company itself. where, you know, where do you want to eat in the company? but I would you know, I'll answer it the question of a little bit of a different way and I think it's if you're looking to you're looking to sell your company. when I say sell sell your company, it's not necessarily just to a potential investor, right? You're trying to sell it to potential employees, you're trying to sell it to the acts that you're doing in business with, maybe you do want to sell, you know, a piece to somebody else or, you know, write an active firm. 
But it's important to a professionalized piece into this piece to party, if you wanna sell it, if you're using if you wanna go back in more financing and you have each now longer, right, versus, you know, the main warmer that at least your community enough, if that's what if you're looking to selling you step up the ladder, you're looking to sell your business to uh potentially investor as a private equity or thinking at it from the other side of the events, right? you know, you're keeping your receip there's accounting function, your finance function, you know, I use just in example, you keep your receipts in shoe box so that when somebody comes and wants to be diligence, you said you pull out the shoe box and say you know, here's my company, take a look at it. or is it that, you have a set of that where you can put you can produce my mistakes that you canuce after statement. You can show people that want to quote best in your business again. 
I mean ways that to be, you know other people want to get back, uh, to put that face on that and the the multiples, if you't you'll get an extra turn you get an extra turn in a half, can provide that professional Asian versus the metaphora issue. So when you say turn, just what what does that mean? When I say turn, I mean, most most businesses are valued on multiple of what's call it most businesses are value cash. 
So, a turn, let's say your business is worth, you know, you think of business is worth 4x or fiveX, at least addX is the example, your businesses, right? An extra turn or be if you can show the counter party that you're you got, those numbers are you can rely on those numbers, and you have a professional piece behind them, maybe able to get an extra turn instead of an 11, they act. well, yes, so if you compare companies that have a professional face versus one that they not, the ones that have a professional face would likely get a higher multiple than they don to sell the business. Right, so just as an example if you're saying if the company has uh $10 million in cash flow and they's ten multipleies of that, they will to be able to take that value at $100 million dollars. 
And so by having professional now I was the party that validating substantially that were they' able to get 11 times that would be $10 million as evaluation.. Yeah. So so ultimately I guess we? 
I would yeah, would I would say. So, for instance, you know, I' anybody been to New York City, you know, the water tow the top of you know, the buildings, New York City that bring the water up there, is two families that own that that business in New York City. One of the families wanted to sell, I was involved with a group that wanted to buy and revising that group, and, you know, the the family that owned that business was literally in that business for over hundred0 years, typical family own business, right? 
A lot of the family expenses were running through that business, uh they didn't have a very good, you know, financial back office, financial heighteline system, and, you know, ultimately they sold her a good price, but they probably would would have been able to sell for another another term so fiveex, they probably could have sold six or seven if their, you know information was just that more reliable, if they cleaned up their books, getting those family expenses out of the out of the family business, you know, make that the business part of it really pure, they probably could have gotten, you know, uh like I said, at least another term, too. And in that example was the buyer a sophisticated buyer? It was this you know, a billionaire in the office that fire. and so they likely knew that as well. 
Oh, that was that's a sophisticated box. Yes, that would happen. And so they knew they could get they felt good about the business. so they really get it for, you know, in their in their minds a better right, you know a good price can even lower multiple. and part of the you, part of the turnaround part of what their hiring invested do is they help them now put in a financial system, put in a uh, you know, better a better sort of tax processes, better county processing professionalizing that business so that when that family office does themselves, even able to grow the business operationally, but also had that professional face to it when they, you know, they eventually decide to exit them.. 
So, what would you say who sort of doing in business? Anybody in the? so Officer Jason, I know you. 
So, uh, what kind of business do you have? Logan, uh technology services. And and what what kind of revenue do you have? 
across both businesses, about 23 million?enty million dollars. So uh, we' where would youate yourself from your financial systems, infrastructure, process and perspective as we0. 
Rein reatch. So injacent case $23 million business, what would you say for a private activity for peopleong? uh, you know, who isances to get in the best price? 
the best price and three and a half, probably slim for getting the best price. shouldn't be a good price, but you'll get a better price if you're, you know, if all of that is much more professional, you can go in with confidence and show uh, you know, that you're, you know, the the cash flows you're showing to the potential buyer can be sliced inice different ways. They ask you a question, you know, the answer to the right? they ask for information, is not, hey, I'll get back to you in the week, you know, while I sort of put it together, it's, right, give me an hour and you know, I'll get it for you. 
The more you can answer the questions, um the more, you the better off the better chance you have maximizing the value of. would you say that some of these private conf asked questions or look for those gas intentionally to try to drive the price down?. so you know, I think it was important for people this room, you that you're you're aware is that also important you said, that the biggest mess for the world is outside, right's there's spend a ton of money there. It's you know, it's good down it's. And so we're talking about some smaller businesses, what sort of appetite that you say exist in this private activities basically for wiring, say, 23 million a year revenue company. 
I'd say, uh, it's less about the number itself and probably will the presidenter that I deal with, um mostly want a or very interested in class, right? So, technology services don't know technology is not necessarily that we let's say it's let's say it's a medical back office, you know, technology, right? Okay, well, I forvertise deal with what you wanna do, what they also do, uh is they want to buy that business, but they want to buy 20 other businesses that are similar, putting together what they call platform you, right? 
And, you know, they get they get you know, back off vicinities out of it, they get um it becomes more interesting to a potential on their leg, right? prinsistic 10 year basically in your life for their investments. base capital, put it to work and they, and then within that ten year period, they want exit, so they're doing all of this, putting these companies together off and thinking about a potential ex in the back in, that the happen within that in your lifan of private energy. And so they' looking at the plat they look at these platform meals that they could grow the companies, and put it into a different needs in terms of an exit, whether that exit might be an IPO or selling it to another fund that will do it again, or selling it to a strategic buyerome whatever the strategic buyer gonna be in your business. um and it looking to build that platform up to get another turn, another turn, too, because of the scale ad as the company has they're not buying they're not selling a $23 million technology service is gonna be now they're selling a $500 million billion dollar technology service. 
Captain comes that much more valuable than the next person can be living.? It's it's got more scale. It's got it's it's, you know, lighties or efficiently run, uh possibilities, likely that much worker for you know, for dollar sale, that's. 
So, just to turn your top and did it a little bit, uh, it turn of the biies right now. what what would you say in the major the turn off? Um, I'd say a platform, uh, there's one, I'd say, um private can be firm, but and now they have to do more work, right? So we need need when uh interest rates were two, three percent, money wasote free for the bigger product free, but whether you a little sort of. now the interest rates in the say seven percent range, um product firms looking to um better understand the business that they're buying the opportunities to grow it, make it more efficient, um do what those private activityerms and DNA private equity are as sort of a different DNA, right? 
Do they do they, you know, buy company and you know, useual cost of the buy company, build it up and try to try and throw it into uh, make it more out so you know, the scenes are find normalines of which private equity for you're talking about, and what, you know, what they what like to. I've noticed that there are a lot of investment based in. So there seems to be, especially the water and a lot of these ferms looking at will be specified down Apple or Ryan at or capital. you know, including my employer and set of all set of variable size. why why do you guys? 
I think, you know, I think that the the largest private equity firms want to diversify their investution as much as possible. it's probably, you know they probably get a better deal. They probably get a better deal from the retail invest. think of that if you think of that a a large institution, a sovereign welfare, so Singapore war has a significant sovereign wealth, you there's a significant investor, you, they'll probably put a billion two billion, three million dollars if work with, you know, one priity manager. Well, because of the test of of that, you, an estimate, you're able to get concessions on on these, whereas you're, you know, tend not a retail investor the people tend to retail investment probably doesn't get the same eagle that, you, the law institutions get. 
So it's more profitable to diversify into you, retailation. And and so why why why historically? It's easier. regulatory environment was such, you know, five years ago where it was it wasremely difficult or imposs to sell it. what you use that? 
Um has been some regular release on that. and and like I said, they they've looked at private terms looked at and that uh, it's they know probably in a better position to, like I said, diversify the sliss of capital that they get, so that, um, you know, they they can better democratize, you know, than the source of coun. So democracy so you're saying everything in a very polite PC matter, so I'll I'll I'll take it back to a little bit of what I'll come out of the I. So democratize use retail money, but ultimately reasons how money's pay work than the institutional money. So, it's it's the retail money is getting to take advantage of real real six five, these larger they know that you't have seen the power abs power as as a bigger. 
But it's deal for it. just getting the same right, so well when you look at the services that he's providing for these businesses. Um, you know, one of the things you talked about was and they diligi training, operational planning, uh, you caught it down that, right? So that you know, what would both that cost forly to this AD&D engine really all the process and technology and put together for their.? 
$540 million HA, you would be to come in. I'd say you, uh you probably call that, um, you know, in Arabicrogant act to call that sort of subsized systems, right? So getting the company, you know, giving you the understanding which casts are, helping your businesses together, uh financial statements that would end go into the media.. engaged, you,.. multip. 
I'm. maybe, so that you because I'm gonna have to this this go. So it's like four things seconds, so it's like talked about a lot of this. So long as the new IPL example, uh, you a very, I never notice.. you can do an IP on you could do an ideal at $20 million, basically. by. is just different. 
And this is what I would say, if you were a if you were a technology started up with 29 and ideallyally that um you're using that those IP proceeds to grow that company and as a air chance that that company, you know, would be a billion dollar revenue company and 45 or five years be possible story, but it had 29 IMsociated.. and and and why is that?? Yeah. ask the question? is good.? 
What would it possible value not whether it's worked or not? I got it cost or million? I wouldn't say it would cost you that much, I say cost you, you, I prosecut for business, I have to spend at least three or four on professional back offices, right? 
You probably spend five to ten, bags and count begin to 10 million years. You know, what happened which is why that're doing this, because when you then is all pay. like it's just you don't have enough money to do it, and this is why time to not the task paying the bill or err money to have access to thealth actually and. because right now it happens there, the day is there, there noties to there, you don't know, you need it in by you don't how the follows. Like until, until they have to be told the truth. 
This is the truth. The government's not protect contact, they're gonna diverseots to tell us something black or brown or whatever. and know something you one none of the I love money. but all that is true, but the questionated, not. I'm not myself like a whole group of people, except that the moment I asked all our people out of the threat andings. 
I are you. So we have to come together so group everything is cheaper when we come together good fighting ones. make stronger, we need richer, we walk out, we have. So soy healthy you have the, let's say have a home service in sort of special services today.. most most of all like most north of two City ofrees and really o, but is founded more bad, the story telles to what do you need readers? 
What are you gonna mean? I? So you need, oh, my God, it said two0 or 300, but, you know, if your business is gonna be 350 in five years, that's not such a great people call. you wanna be able to grow that business, you know, what give it tell the head story to get people excited to, you know, 250 here. $00 million you many that's sort of the average one that you' lightly and.. 
So, what what what means to be the what ideas are individual, I think most most come I get the exact stats, right? but most companies that all large, some million dollar numbers. But also, I did part of that Iute because if more, you over you were you water, and companies are de in public. companies are being longer and longer using private capital, such describe other to stay private longer, uh, and then, you know, testing the decisions. uh, like these, but, you know, no public is just one more formal an ex. 
Right? There's an exit, you can you can you public, we can exit by to another strategic which is the company that's in simple business. The worth, uh, you know you can edit it by sell into um private equity or other investors. 
So ITO says one more way is.. so what what are the are the benefits you about? I buy fact is not like larger fact lean more, you know about being larger blind private travel to their republic. what's what's advant in on public? I mean, there's a number of benefits, depending on the company, I's say, you know, whether the most important benefits is to have become occur meaning your stock as parents, so you're using a currency to grow your company, you're using that currency to hire town. right? 
It's it's it's easy to hire town even than a republican, because they know that the value versus trying to value, you know, credit you don't know technically value. and also if you currency that is actually choire, you know, you're not the shock. You're down the choirer of other in the currency. Mastern. so you said requiring easy. why isn't that with companies are better for that? 
They actually they have choice to use their stock as, you know, the currency and that in that in addition, you know, they have to do, but that's. So, what what is theseectors right now, um, what that this is you see. I on my the primary confirms that I' an ide has um each have rein four different specialties. 
Uh, so I I don't know if I've seen, you know, you know, a an industry that's particularly in neighbor, you know, I say, um, and it's not just because Jason sit around the other day, not deserves the business, but I say anything sort of deserves something? uh, has been very popular, uh anything with a sort of anything with technology really to do it? Um, and it's things that can clean tech is and they' using the technology to become more efficient, um scale a quicker uh, basically businesses that um businesses that can grow is and this is the grow most gasid that using the operations of the business to grow, or using the businesses a platform, like you said, order to add other similar businesses to it to grow that, it's you know it's really all about, you know, the growth that more importantly the grow process. 
There you got. So, um you you probably a little bit about how that you that end up in higher down, right? Uh, and you mentioned about the already SPL our operations, et cetera. what what do you think are the most important things for small business are right out there or what we. they can be inquired? 
I'd say, um, you, I'm the owner of a mediumized business, so lot work, a lot of professionalize the base of my business to the outside world, right? So, make sure I have make sure I have, you know, the best advisors that that I before, um, have you have the right offer, have the right account firmms, has the right tax and fin constitutions that I know this is with um, a lot to be sure that I could have the data of my business in a way that I could easily slice and nice it to be able to tell the story that I wanna tell. take into a potential investment, again, I go back when I said go, uh it's much better to be able to get a question and be able to say, I can get to that I have that answer or I can get to that answer in hour versus saying it's continued to put all that information to go, right? Um, it's kind of not what you say that, but as if you're on the other side of that, you're gonna feel much more confident and a person or a theme that can give the answer and can tell you the end that it really rap and quickly versus stated waiting around professionalizing organization, professionalizing plans to or, exactly what we' we' these four years so we're talking about the RMMD as well. being created the best of us as who were alongside businesses that are all together. 
So best. So, guys another great job all the whole life. there's just one or two question that was eight on audience right over here. If you could you discuss the difference between a public company that goes with the baseless versus theASA and the doubt is ast. 
I don't have a good reason. I don't have experience behind with companies that are call be uh something smaller than asA or the part of the New Yorkocking. so I I would I would you know so this I would just I would say that you you would like to get a better value, uh being on a scale where you could go up on one of the national changes versus trying to do it via. do you tell me whether they exchange the sheets are you? I' it's just not a business that I am I not the exchange? 
Yeah, Uh, I'm curious. So with Iirms, I know that a lot of times the smallerms of have a larger firm, it's a larger, what's what's the indual it? Is there ever a viable strategy or it always a go? 
Well, it's it's there is a strategy, but if you recall, I said, most bonds have a light ten years, right? So, within thaten year period, they have to do what the best pieces was, whether that cut off, throw the company, um, you know acquire other companies to build it up, right, to fulfill their theis. and then they have to that's right that they' gonna be testing makesent that to return capital to their investments, right? And it's just a it's a constant sort of term with that. 
So it's not that they don't want to buy, right? It's a function more of itaining your life that mind, so that then they look for an exit and oftentimes, particularly basically, they exit to another fun, right? It just seems like you can only do that so many times, like, and then the end. 
No, you can do it, you know, especially you around. Right? And it's not it's it's it you know, you're they're choosing to exit not as a public marketplace to choose to exit to to do the fun, right, the fund that they deal with normally the age, but when they say when I have big is that age you have one of the company tax, I Austin not, you're doing what they call dual track, meaning you're getting a company ready to do an idea, but they're also talking to other thoughts and other companies to potentially sell that, not necessarily be the IBO in a public market, but they got to sell it to something else that they're looking at a parel track to see what's the most valuable to them to sell, right? 
Maybe they can get, you know,X in the public markets and they' 12X on it to another bug of the company, well, they can be equal to sell it where they can get, you know, the town. So, look, we we're in the Well, everyone here goes to the ultimately well, we talk a lot about it right they put a lot out there is the highest attorney person, as this is complicated and olderly there's a lot that used to be learned and a lot of education, because it's a really stuff. how many people would show hands understand everything that we were talking about that's and, but this is exactly why, because that actually did that understand the type of things, so that everyone was the be and tri best reportinget that in how the. So you and right, it... 
All right. see what the speech. So, we talked a bit about that you guys, uh heads sitting around at alloun around, you'ides because that's what the time we talk about is that's what happens. Uh, but the exciting thing is is the returns for Mosc. 
And so, you know, look, hopefully what you guys are getting here is this is like, if you don't arument a lot about this, it is gonna have links of seeds for you, of interest, curiosity, like or do talks about, that is, so that you guys can start evaluating this? Because one thing that we we talk about a lot here is targets, how do you guys have a defined target for your business in next 10 years? You're like, this is the target. 
Most people don't have that targeting, and so when you start talking about private equity, it's not even a situation. You talk about selling the businesses, not in departmentition. That's why so many baby boomers right now are getting to retirement age and they really never have to land for their business. like I thought I was gonna be a business my whole life. and that's the opportunity that we're helping people take advantage of right now is acquiring all these businesses that have whole technology, they've been in business for a long time, somebody asked for we've been driving the business, they just a cruising in the business. and that's where you will be able to experience participate in a time outation by you guys have before, four here in. the next thing we wanna talk about is now, you start firing money, and started firing capital, when you un protect it? 
raise your hand if you like if your business would would no longer operate the way it does today, you are not in the business. raise your hand. If you were removed from the business, it would not your head up. If you didn't show up for a business would definitely mean a worse position, keep your hands. 
How many of your people how many people with your hands up, it should be. How many of you have families to move your hands up? Okay, so the business would work without you and have a family. 
So if something happened to you, what does that mean for the business in your family? That means and so we wanted to make sure that we talked about what you guys can start doing and thinking about to protect the business and to protect yourself and to make sure that all the work that you've done, like can trans onto your kids and your family something that over happen you without having to death, meaning made nothing. You know, we we ran mention earlier about a client our so he had a target, he had a business in his young, he exploded the business inrew, he was flying a helicopter, he asked a wife and kids, and he grabbopter died. 
And now they had theatomy that whole process of, oh my gosh, what are we do now? The source of the business is gone. And so it's a really important thing, nobody likes thinking about it, if you have to. 
And so, one of the services that we're writing in the tax coverage business is a waste of invest protect yourself. So we bringing up somebody who's gonna be really integrolled in animal process. He's the president of Eic life and executive benefits. 
He's the managing principle ofartment of the average. He's got a refer experience in the insurance of the financial industry. He at thousands of advisors, consumers, uh high and altered worth of individuals andporations he recognized an expert as an expert as his consulting top firms onory estate planning insurance and business strategy. inf realt and gentlemen, please walk to the stage, Mitch Smith., the insurance guys awesome.? 
We finished up with the insurance guys... I actually I need guy that came. I actually in the business a long time ago, uh money guys money out the money went into insurance so about us. and they what we wanted to do is spend an educating guy. these guys lot about, our ter tours and a high level the things you need for in terms out of all half years teaching, right? 
Keep it loose and I'll try to make it somewhat new things with mel like cool. it's not just a couple statistics, right? It's about how this product you lot of different things. The problem is with life insurance a lot of times is you get the message from all kind of provers and most of the words just trying to sling something and get the hell out, right? 
That's not what this is. We're trying to build some basketball. trying to build a risk management platform acting cancel all questions that you have to buy protecting or taxes to your business or families, or whatever it is they trying to do. we're gonna try all do with that. sl. Okay. insurance is, right? 
don't realize you need too late. Right? So, little quote, right, you had a parachute, you have one chance at that, right? 
It's risk perfection, but it's not just risk if you die or disabled, it's risk of I don't lower taxation, I don't lower income, I games. How do I providefection against corporate assets, I think I'm building in my compartment, how do I provide benefits to my executives or top salespeople, or whatever it is insurance does all that stuff, right? We we'll talk about that. 
So I'm trying to understand how this all this is, sort of in the access world. Make of money matter people that their job is to beat the market, right? that their job is to avoid risk that they can feed the market, right? 
So that's their job. financial planners, take that money manager does and puts it all together, figures out what sort of kernels are gonna be there to give us the ultimateole what that money do. And what we do is we provide protection against all that. That's what an insurance person does, we want an edge, probably earn that. here, right?. talked about just like options for for talk about that earlier. the history of insurance, not could have go to the nuances, but it's kind cool to hear how this all started. 
The true history really knows. They think it could be literally 10,000 years ago out the house. There was the Romans that sort of started it and made it a thing where they said, hey, we need to protect our club members. 
Romans had lots of clubs. They want to provide perfection role orumbers, so the club members are actually building money for they're earning and when someone dies here in the out of the pool that's of how to start. They there math to it. 
They just said, hey, let's some money in, whether there' 20 or 30 or like then figure that lot, right? And then some ministers came around and they started doing the same things many years later, putting these gloves and trying to provide rejection. And I think everyone sort of Lloids of London. 
Lloyd of London started a coffee house. There was coffee houses in the sort of 16, 1700s. Apple people did distance, and all these shipping people would hang out there and mention capitalst of the time to come in, you would try to get money to provide a petion and if the shipping ground the film, and people would all the money and if someone died on a shift and the ship went down and things like that they would have money to provide. 
So these were the all this stuff. The dates I put up there and lost thebates everything. 1861, that's when of the first federal attacks to really store, and this. The nice thing is when insurance switch started right around here from the United States, right through officially, the federal tax code said, we will tax everything but we're not gonna tax well insurance. 
That was the like seem different and opportunity, right, for. And then had nine and between 193, they said, we're just gonna tax everything now. We're gonna have ways do to tax corporate taxes, and investment taxes, and insurance still was excluded. 
So fast forward now the codes for the last hundred plus years, 200 years have not changed. They still favor insurance. The two big changes came in the 80s and a few years ago, and the change was to actually make it better. 
So this is democratic Republican. They both agree that we should allow English insurance to still remain free from power.. That's what is positive history. 
It's highly unlikely likely insurance whereability products or going to be here. The insurance industry is a massive industry. bigger than the time. They impoded that things wouldn't very bad. they're not gonna do that, but they tweeak into the Internet that's always possible, but we're gonna talk about how to take advantage of all this stuff. 
So first, lots of life insurance products. There's generally thousands of products in the market. You have whole life, universal life, current insurance, all these things. 
I'm sure you'veized. Whole life is the beginning of life antiquated, don't really see it anymore. It's typically sold by a broker that works for some insurance company, good commission and all that kind of thing. 
Very expensive and not flexible. What I need by not flexible is you can't change anything once you buy the property. You can't decide to lower the debt medical. 
You can't decide to stop paying frequ because it can do what creates loans with createpense, right? So you have to be very careful with these kind of products. Universal life scoring in the 70s, and that's flexible. 
There are all kinds of universal life products. There's variable index or assumption and guarantee. variable needs, it has impleux. I mean, it's not exactly wants. 
I down case we so from finra or the SNC. we understand there's a difference, but at at a high level, generally that's what it is. right? So you can invest your premiums in something like that. index life let an invest in a market, time like an option, where you provide perfection from the market have your losses and you have a generally not at works, and then encur assumption life is int, right? Meaning it's like a CDU a or something like that. 
That's gener life, a nice thing to universal life is you can change that benefit, you can lower if things get tough, you can take out money and very minimal dispense, you can stop premiums or no loans to do that, it just comes out of the value if there is a value course. And then you have term insurance with sub for it, right? Just so you know, term insurance is not insurance companies need most of their money. 98% of ture policies 39% last, or could never pay that. 
I forget that's not the insurance company getting one over on. That's because people buy them and don't keep them, where they buy short periods of time, they die with they buy a ten years or something like that, right? It's insurance are smart. up they make it a little cheaper, that're not gonna keep paying it, we're gonna make lots of money and maybe invested money after that. 
The permanent stuff is the priced correctly is much more bad. right for you, and the things you're trying to do. So, at a high level, those are the cross. and umights I mention two investment types. That's what we're gonna kind of talk about about. 
We have index bar, I big this audience we watch. TikTok and all these things, there's lunatics running around, to talk and that's like as the greatest impestment at work, it is a very good investment but be veryly careful of this stuff. Okay? 
You probably about eating at a tent of the stuff that's out there for those countriesrovers is not something you can buy very expensive, very commission driven, not really investment oriented. You have to be careful. One of the reasons we areoriize is because we wanna do right things, right? 
We wanna help people understand these as they give them things that actually do what they say.? That's the idea right creating something that really not. That's insurance. 
The premiums that can put in there get best products. is kind of how it works. This is crazy looking. But just imagine index product said, we will allow to best the SPI, a major. 
What you do is we'll say anything below zero here together.'t zero. You'll get. cost for that is there options. give you some limited outside. So they might say. 
We'll give you nine, ten seven. So if the art is 12, about you 10. They go down nine and seven. 
That's that. There are not but it's a good thing for people to say you'raid of volatility in the markets. other.. tell you that. There's there's there's down side. 
There's all kinds of other ways when you do this. Obviously, I don't wanna kill you, they have too much information. There'sing some downside perfection all that stuff. 
And you like terms to do all this. Why is this any good that you has to do the values lighter you're alive and the things you can do with it what we're gonna talk about. So this is an example some of the stuff you can do, right? 
The expert sort of thing is you have no ideal on your seat. People just don't get what insurance could really do. That's the cool thing about it. 
When you hear about these size, the full stock of solship programs, and defer compensation and special retirement programs, almost always that's a life trans trans. People don't know that. It's not always people can get a medical exam. 
It's a chass insurance that allows us to be really cool things, so we can tend different assets. We can reduce all the obligations we have on parkership the letters passed because some is a high. could buy out partners with the values or document on behalf, which all talk about before you about about having, you how the business if someone passes away and if disabled, the business also are, but it's not just you. Maybe you have someone helping you. 
You're screwed not to that person, whether it's temporary or forever is a key person situations, right? You would create an equid, you could avoid the IRS in aisto rules a little things about some of these things, right the time. This is a big one.? 
Do you want to avoid these guys? Hey, we're trying to find a way to utilize all the money we made, and not just making it, right? I heard earlier we wanna make money, right? 
I we wanna make money, that's that's the key, of course we want the money. We want to keep it. Right? 
That's what we're here to try. figure out to have to keep that money in any service, how be low the tax. If something happens, if I get sick, I have all of these things, that's what would wanna do a little big that. the big, big thing of the IS like for about 100 years, and then in the 80s, they gotta be more serious, they said, we're gonna create a code about how life insurance values work. Meaning when you're alive, justif, how is that work? 
They said, we're gonna create this code called section 7702, and this is the definition, but you're not gonna go through all this. I would be boring. If you can see it, if you get the idea, right? 
You could look it up on the IRN. and the general idea was that the build up all like the first happened, the ensure that the owner of insane owner of the policy that takes out those values will not pay the income or tax tax, as long does that policy stays in force and it doesn't last to cancel it. And as long as it doesn't break certain rules, and those rules are you can just put unlimited money as will leg versus a but there's a formula.s how much we can put it versus that. CR. 
They made all that stuff much more serious in the 80s, because frankly before that, wealthy people would buy hundred, 250,000 life insurance and put millions of dollars. and the IS says, whoa, whoa. We're okay with the tax free stuff, but this is crazy. that's a formula here. You have to have some reasonable amount insurance to what you're trying to buy. that's are. 
I'm simplifying, but that's generally what happened in the code. And in 2020, they changed the code again, they actually did better. the formula and they lowered it where you can put more money. Do you with unbeliev. 
I't have our money. insurance about earlier, five to the loan and give you. doesn't.iversal the good ones to all the clock for more than 10 years. the lower are 25 bases. That's .25. Very small, right? 
Not one percent.25 percent. So that's what they charge. that long of the rate of, you have to pay a d against your value against the. the distributionions are free account. that policy, of course. I'm gonna talk,' gonna show wheel numbers and how sort of powerful this is so all the things insurance can do these are all the taxodes that we take you manager. tax referral, no infact have aains tax. 
It's notcludable your adjusted gross income. mean when you take that distribution, like the just to look at it as total info. why that's important. For a state planning, it helps estate taxes, you can private equity if we talk lot about, there are insurance products at whole private equity. and you get no navigating the past or a one report. that's aes this alleviates that is a private place and allows you to get. You have to be in a competitive investment is normal by that to purchase those kind of problems. very, very attractive, if that's something you could do. and then the other thing is also when you ret retire one day you're taking this. it does not count potential security, or almost everything else is taking will. 
I don't care how well the security. Right? you worked hard want that much? 
I want pay extra, right? let me do that. So, I'll talk about how that sign comes together invest that. 
But as far as business business isuation land. you handle the business something happens? partners, you got a car you're supposed to have a b sell, right? If there's two people involved in business after some sort of degree that says, our disabled, is what's gonna happen. 
This is how I value my business. This is how I'm gonna buy wealth. This is all of keep in mind in the United States, there is a law that says if you're if you're married, your part's b on both in life. 
And one of you dies where this isable, a spousy piece of harbor. There's no negotiating, there's no That on.. So that is a spouse probably doesn't be you know.? 
Maybe he he is like I'm taking over and you're like, oh, yeah. and you, okay, you giving him up. And you don't have you. paper for it you don't have much money on the books. insurance works that. So it's important one to buy something that that says exactly what happens. very, very quickly. how lawyer business is. 
And then on the right? And then the agreement, you simply say, if something happened, this is what it's worth, this is what the insurance is for. then there's no litigation. Everyone signed off, says what it is, because it, I have lots of expert witness stuff. 
I've seen things have partship after something has happened, and people didn't do this stuff. and you gotta be careful of that. So, two/3s of business in this country or family owned, most don't survive in that generation. People 70% of so don't survive. 
And it's not because they're big or small, because they're not protecting it. They don't think about it. Maybe they have a bunch of kids and one kid is not the smartest. one kid is great, and they're trying to figure out how much equalize that. called interance localizationance, right? 
size of insurance, and stuff that, right? stuff like that, because we don't wanna have a bunch of fighting. It's all legal and trust. 
So those are some things we wanted. a formal plan is very, very important.enty of formal plans. I am in front of very big business involved version. Private activity is actually one of our biggest business relationships. 
I deal with people that are unbelievably smart billionaires on. I can't tell you how many I walk through a bit. They don't have any agreements, or they never updated or it's not funded, or got to it whatever is so I don't care who you are, you probably should take a look at it again and just make sure it's not these are things we're gonna be able to do, right? 
This is a huge advantage you're gonna have as a part of this organization versus going to find someone who're not really sure what they're doing and that do those things for you. I online businesses act labor, right? Those are three more things to protect ad. capital and know money, obviously you gotta get money under way to to find money from loans and things like that, labor, labor, leadership is everything. 
I don't like the word manage a lot, I all about you to all that kind of stuff. So I think I like that for a leadership. So, you gotta inter these things, somehow. 
There's all kinds of ways to do that. You need to ask yourself questions. These are some of the questions. 
I'm sure you're gonna get these powerPoints to everyone hopefully, and you can see some of this stuff the questions you need to ask show.. Who do I want to be my partner? How am I gonna handle that? 
What would how do I mightcel this business one day either to a farmer or someone else? gotta make sure if they have a farmer in or find that. how you do that? insurance can do this stuff, you't just have to die to get the value of a talk. 
All these different things are very worth this. For key, key person I have someone as a top salesperson, who are really generating the gradu. Godid that person means the whatever I need to figure out that want to keep him if he doesn't buy or, right, some sort of benefit plan that's gonna be an insurance product all about. 
If he does or she does it is say, not forbid how do I handle that set. These are all things you need to make about and uh. So, some of you in the audience I have a policy, I'm good. 
I have budies with this guy for 30 years. You're probably not good. Um and the numbers of the numbers, right? 
statistics, I love statistics, heard of funny one the other day. 45% of marriage and worse, 55% of marriage said, yeah., do it. I was like, I like this, use that as soon as I. So these statistics, 80% of policies that exist today, get 10 policies in force of the United States today can be rest structured to provide better, either perfection or less f cost. Pretty much all policies are up, again, it's the kind of business when people tend to run into for a few years leave it work for some car, it's unfortunate that there's not a lot of professional as a grounds like that, right? 
Our job in my world is to try to one of the reasons I wanted to go into is to create professionals. and there'soles, right? So if you have a policies, someone need to look at it and make sure it's okay, even trustees, even lawyers, right? That's what typically a trustee is. 83% of trustees in this country have no sort of program for going through the policy and looking at it every year or if they don't have got. 
So it doesn't really matter. and policies that have been investments, 95% of the people that have those matter policies, no one's matter. There's no one really understanding how matters these things. These are real numbers. 
They are big, you know, there were all the shit comes up with this stuff, so crazy. And then we get to whatever people want. People want protection one, Godmit something happens and true, they want make sure the money they earn will be there. 
So every study says whether you're pre retirement or after retirement. I wish I had planned better for volability for all. I'm way provide. 
I wanna edge that stuff. I young, I didn't think, I got older, I hated, but not all those things. I wish I lowered my tax a little bit when I finally retired. 
I thought I was having money I didn't realize that I went back. all of that stuff. These are big statistics. Either way, these research studies will build on very wealthy people on most of the time, but certainly any way that is gonna have the same concerns of wealthy people are worried about it. 
I mean right and not. So, we're gonna talk about how do we deal with some of this stuff I'm gonna give some ideas, we'm gonna talk about real life going to be studies, um and get through what I' think might be a valitude. So what? 
I do I lower. If I say the right type of policy, yeah, right talk, the title. low cost, good investment, well managed, and saving along and and then one day when I retire, must say taking $150,000 aire.. If I took that ball to my normal investment portfolio and I get t capital g games with saying in some taxs. 
I'm gonna get about 30,000 taxes on 150,000., all right? I'm not including state tax, right? It could be worse, we will there in generalize what you're gonna see if you guys mix. 
It's not not even happening. You have half of that I didn't quite a half that came from an insurance distribution when we retired. for all rock tax to 12,000. That's say 50% roby tax.. 
And that's because if I' taking $150,000, and it takes a50,000 from the insurance IRS from the IRS and a month, not onit. So they're not gonna tax that, only hundred tax, and the 50 is all tax. no matter how much money yourew it, again, you got to maintain at all so you can be with. right to do that. So that's how high level how that might work to get even more sort of complicated the stuff on the right, like all this stuff know, I'm in a business, it's highly regulated. 
We got the lots of disclosures, you gonna have to read all that real fast. generally, if you look at this, this was a 50 year old guy who saved a lot of money, he wanted to save about 250,000 year or 15 years, and he wanted to take half a million dollars at retirement from a wh horold. He has our retirement 18 million bucks, something like. had a lot of money. You all so there shouldn't be a shot, right? 
It' be liquor oil. He had that one day, and he wanted to take some of it out of insurance and see the effect. He wanted to see mathematically how is this gonna work for me if I had come and say the year 2000., when the markets went down for four years and raising all over the way. 
How would this really gonna work? What you're seeing is in that blue and unollow one, I think that's a little. in the blue as no insurance, no pension for his income tax, Apple. what is portfolio down the insurance, I only some of the distributions requirement what much more assets sitting there because theged with the advantage of inc capital. Now again, do this with this any, can't buy insurance off the street and your work. asking off the low loan, as to have a good investment, that's that low all that things. that's you know, I can just yeah, right? 
I can say most of mine is not gonna work in my vision, I loat, it could have been for 30, 40 years, maybe, but I don't think that. Um really sort of complex stuff. I don't wanna kill you too much. 
I think am I supposed to stop around 15? All right, so I got two more minutes. Okay. um so, this is called a deumulation energy, is a pretty really complex for size. and this idea says, when you retire and you see in your insurance, what you're gonna do is use the insurance distribution only in the years following and negative years mark. say that again. 
SB 500, 2024 goes down. you say that happened? In January of 2025, you would take an add distribution from insurance after your normal portfolio. Markets go up in 2025, you go back to the portfolio of the institution. 
It's basicallyically mathematically and every time frame in history is created more outets 99.2% of time. This ID. So it is an excellent ideal. 
It's complicated by by people have savier understanding, someone that energy, but this is kind of how we look, right? And that size is moreonial, the right insurance, that's really taking out money, when the markets are good in that volume here, you can see how much skitches around. right? And how to say, what would that look like? 
This example is 1929. You don't down but you're really young is not a good.. markets went down and went down and went down. If someone invested without ent in 1929 that bottom blue on is what happened to their money. 
If you look at the red, that's them taking investment distributions only out of the insurance card, I performance. top blue line is what happened to the. So they have a lot more money, right? What is the trick? 
It's not necessarily the ret is the trick. In these examples only show like 5% returned, way less than the score will returned. The trick is taxation, right? 
We're trying to avoid taxation, trying to bring it down legally within the nine bots, down the middle of the fairway, no questions, right? Nothing may have to worry about. you follow really easy to do. It works really, really well. 
If you have a business and you're thinking how do I protect my people, have my teeth in there, something keep us. This is an example of losing insurance can give someone, a retirement and they can guarantee. So this is someone who company has been bonusing this individual a lot, right? 
Every bonusing has got $150,000. year they want be able to give it about $1 hundred thousand in your bonus and you're program. These didn't have to pay tax on that bonus. So after everything, this execut is gonna pay about $20,000 a year of taxes for that honest that goes with the roll. 
I jump forward when that individual turned 60 and then this example got to be bought. He's 60 now. You'll be able to take a $700,000 tax free loan on guarantee, but if the market doesn't least 5% will get 2.1 million. 
He invested is technically, right as a taxes. $22,000 a year for 15 years. We call $300,000. dollars. And he's getting at least double guarantee. worth a lot more. 
If he waits lose 65, 1.3 million guarantee. This is a great golden hand copy. You say you're talking to the top person, I'm gonna do this for you, but you have to say your ten years, if you have to do Iowail or whatever. 
When you do program for life insurance, it's called non qualified, you don't have to follow the risive guidelines of discrimination. That means if you do for whoever you want your entitude. You can do over your person, but a person has been there for five years, you can do a big opinion on time if you want. you do it for whatever you want. you set to figure out the math of what you're gonna get, right? 
Popular programsold in hand. This is just one example. It's an underlying insurance product creates this insurance life insurance, right underlying insurance profit. as I wrap up here a little bit I know running out, other things you can do, there's evil sort of structures you can do. 
There's some if you're married, there's something called the slap, it's a trust where you could put the life insurance policy in a trust on your money or you're trusting, and then that individual gets all its benefits of the trust where removed from your skape and you get all the inflate Apple gains out free and you get acid passion. Very good way to do it. The wife and the husband is the one that controls that asset that gave to each other, so the husband gives it to the wife, he has no say that. 
So the wife is not like that, the wife can do the same thing to the husband, and then you get these great benefits slant over some time again, but in great legal tool where you can use life insurance. Well, um yeah, this is some constantistic stuff as you up here. um I think that we use lots of statistics. and one thing I have before Brandon comes out and I thought the little is you all these numbers always did this, my big thing is that like is there's the odds of this that it's could be one or 100 one. my whole thing is is the odd people ready not making direct choices for yourself and your family in your business is one of the world. Right, someone told me about and not that.. but it was brilliant, like, absolutely, so I leave with that now we' power that. in the middle of. important is talk about sizing the front. 
Yeah, so we're about a two billion business. um we have about 4500 employees, maybe 5,000 out all over the world, uh insurance program and consulings where the world largest risk for longer calber for entertainment, private equity, uh construction, So my friend is isound. There's, he is what's the total market value of the businesses combin? Well, the revenues two million worth of value is probably 15, 16, 15, 16 billion? 
And so, what's important is is bringing the best class in, so we started this conversation a couple of years ago with Shawn and we got talking to how do we detect this? How do we put? What he talked about there was and said he in and says, like how do you keep your emplo on? 
You can this effort high structure switches by it was up here to drop up new ways because we could use these hyperants to keep people so they don't leave you what we call called the hand. We just had a young man who had a a little million our company for this ago to break it. and I don't know, unfortunately, crashed himself copper and died with absolutely two million when he was two and he started with this. So when that happens, all of a sudden we've got family members, and we've got key boys and and there' used an infusion and capital. and what we realized is we find Michael how we bit from five years. 
So, so here's the thing we have that are exposed, we have human, which we have all sorts of financial blocks you can play our business on tax they build wealth for you also, because it in to borrow that tax free, we could go borrow the million over rent and give it to for. So if you can get all the little leverage points in your business, working, fast and manage the business, you get gold people customer PT university and make sure that they realize that reference the contribution and you can keep in there. You have the right policies in the right place funding the right things. 
We're wrapping users all. extra money that's borrow a million dollars out of here because a wire and so world. These are complicated things that are reli on lots of complicated people, potentially some of the products and services you know. I wondering to go to the besta class, new a partnership or our community and make sure that if we're bringing people in talking to you about this, that is somebody you can trust. 
But also you work with how many agents do you guys have?. with, yeah. And you work with other independents you work with, well, we work with a lot, big invest individual. And inquisitions, you know, an acquisition, you should be together allattle on the business of that you bought business there in there because they have. 
So there's different reasons you need to useurances. of us I know perfectamples because you guys have been in all the stuff I have was a frickin disaster. and I considerably somehow fairly sophisticated guy, but when you taking multiple, it puts a psych business when you' taken advice from multiple people on multiple range, you the kid, bunch of things are operated silence. so you think you have a all optized with the truth physical cy out, and it's a problematic or it's not accimized. So when you think about how many entrepreneurs business with time network happens, you guys have created a whole program for the Eisenberg. When you think about access to the high you use without every day person, because this is a recurring the access to a dialect. 
We're going off the street, we've $1 million business simp gonna go on the home? No. what's the process, so the process of someone that's not affiliated with you guys, as never have. This is that they're they're doing that have finding the money or all money or something like that. and good support, and it's all about better go well, uh, but normally if it's a high order or about piliation myates or whatever, they simply just contact us and say, don't wanna talk, I'm not sure the risk is I have. it's religious conversation. is what what you want to do, what you have, what you hope to have. what you what do you do we have a bunch of people in your bud Michael own their own business. 
How do you work with? Oh their own. Oh well we could so if that individual wants to sort of maybe grow their insurance business more and attractive what people, we do we have four each of business is working on insurance programs. 
This is another reason we did this by the way because what I want I talk about, how would we how do we take allikes in the community? Because we got a ton of people that independent insurance and I was like, what can we do for our community? And he's like, they can attach to the. 
And if it's better he does better, he can use those things because I been working with him on business business has been working with him and family to how do we how do we create a market? So if you're an independent business owner and you wanna have access to things that you might not be able to bring to the market and maybe you need that, but if you offer something, what we're doing with them and benefits you in your business, you can andote So, I mean, you work for people with that animals? Yeah, yeah, I mean that's a business for us all of those guys, they're gonna have to run their business more effectively getting the resources. 
Now they don't have to buy or spend a lot of money and all these resources, giving them contracts and insurance companies, they can never get a wrong, asking the products that we have on the table't have, et cetera, et cetera. so that you people on the ground that people talking. we want left, right? We wanna let up, bring it together and grow around.. So this is one of the things where focused on is going to third parties who already created a massive marketever, and you' creating programs for our entreneurs, but also if you' somebody that's in their spaces, insurance vacated, creating opportunities for you to be able to take new things to the marketplace which well, I don't our. 
So it's a win win for everybody, because in my world, if you already have a relationship with someone that in working, they can now poke our bod and services through him and if it does matter for you, you that makes sense now. versus us just to a biop. That's why we want the biggest parters who an investive job. So we'll talk about when we think about that gold handles, because any of this area, how many of you have two or three ways to the people you more. 
So, specifically, how can you do somebody to resources or walk people in the same? Well, you figure out how much, you know you want, how they are you have a thousand and the things they're doing to make that more effective want than that wants to. It's competitive world. sol stars can well, no matter how boiled, they're gonna get they're gonna hear most people, they're gonna look out there, so it's working, you know, you cost you and you tell us what they can do and how much youact to help that individual and put together to make it a track. 
And so they've got all they' big fun. So this is how we're interested and explore you the uternative business for well management, you're interested in exploring tax advantages of this. If you go to the group and you just simply say, hey, I need to set up a conversation. 
He has a team of people that you that normally you wouldn't get to that these all people for our community in order to help you if you and you're in the business, you can set up a call about him about what cost service sell that they offer or what contracts might way to you, because we're one next. And when we're looking at introducing the things in the marketplace, we want lift all sides of high of all. you want by the services or we also help our little source. And if you're somebody who made you're just getting here thinking about getting a space, you could actually become a local market mark. once you' trying out like wireless is your origin? 
Yeah, when album grow outsour insurance advisory is a big business. If you have a best firm or CAerm, you insurance, I all learn that up and creating one speaking up there own business. These guys have been a massive bro. wealth man second of the largest in the world on what we' But by the way, you H HDAC space,ity spaces. just which company also has all of the work work on at this uh train. their company is the A one, thatal shot? 
Not so so literally, like, if you're an HPA, one of the things we problem not is just giving a list of all higher HVA systems and the all around the constutveness so have a war with easiest meeting in a data is for a hugeiration... All right, they're bring it up. You guys work about lost stuff there about for public insurance and bunch of services. 
Don't get lost and all this, and it all the same, so I' talking about the in the bathroom. I'm like, you're not gonna get the spirit in the inner all these other things to our, because you guys wanna make more money? you wanna have about you stuff in your family? 
you wanna have. It's about people. It's not about products, it's about people. 
The number of units if you heard me how many of you here in our real estate clubs? most important number real estate has not average the most white number in real estate is unities. the most important number is all businesses not brought up service number one not all I see the number of those service of those people. Okay, so when I'm all is I step out of the target, whatever my target is, I do not worried about how I get to the target of theics, the vehicleath. and if you guys gonna get over, it's just complicated. like, like I' buried.. 
If you go back and you still back at the church by life. this why this is why like insurance, like insurance is so boring. And that you killing you, bro? I'm dying over here. 
I wanna ask you that. I you this fucking die. me because there's at me. I'm like, okay, I'm dying again. 
And fuck, this is what started. should have started this. Hey, how do you like exactly the program for your people that will keep this American. Okay, oh yeah. hey, I't only do that, they' not gonna do that. 
I don't even even tell you the insurance. You wouldn't even care for the insurance, whole insurance, term insurance,ats, flats, flats, like what does it matter? You guys don't get lost in the mechanics. 
There was this going out that she was one of the best service people who she didn't sell box service and she raised money to. Her name Rogers.ene Rogers had three stable names that she operated with her. anything else, nothing. If all the confusions universe happened, she would go to three more. 
So I just wanna share that the things that are stable for me. one is the target, okay? If I don't have a target, I need no place. This is the most important thing in my life. 
Most of my life my targets have been wrong, they've been incorrect, and they did too small. In the achievement of my target, let's say this target is a money, let's say it's a billion dollars by a billion dollars, $10 billion or a hundred million dollars. Whatever the number is, it's all worth. 
My first going for $3,000 a month and $40,000 a month was the most important money I ever made at all. The moment I saw I can go for three to four brand, I. I knew for the first time in my life, 25 years old, I'm in control. I becameide. 
Once I have the money then I got to make a decision about whether I kept it. Then once I made a decision, cannot multiply the money. That's really all you can do with money. 
You get to get it. You don't mention it. Any of you say you make it, you don't benef it this. 
It gets a lot to make money. Somebody else makes money, they make it scale, they print it, they print it, they don't need a printity for, they hit a digit, boom, approved. Congress approves it trillions of dollars, not even printed. two minutes. everybody agmendous tremous amount. 
We printed seven trillion based on what, $10 trillion of what Gary comes in yesterday we have. somewhere around eight to ten trillion, 11 trillion. nobody even knows how much. Actually, you even get a real number. when the 10 trillion was printed, they and that money is multiple about 10 to $20. So there's somewhere between 20 and or ten and 200 trillion of new money creditips in the United States of America. 
That' found Mexicoond inuerto Rico or not. not even have their money. Australia, Canada, right? Okay, you guys understand? 
Get it? I keep it. I like, how do you do that? 
And then I wanna figure out how to do what Mr. Duggan did, which was multiplied. That's how I worked with this guy for $2 billion. He told me in February this year was like, this year I got from two to eight and I get a 4x. 
He was wrong. He underestimated what would happened by anyone from twoX to 12 two billion to 12 million, right?, I get it. I gotta keep it. 
It's hard to keeping it. they're gonna keep pertinent the deep leg and down. If you don't do anything with it, how do I multiply that? Not incidentally, not I got a million dollars an hour I get a million, $10,000 now. 
I want to get a million, thirty thousand dollars not keeping up with inflation. that one, okay? And the best thing you do is probably what what bottom is also, your own business. What your purch this business? 
With our 25 years old, 18 years old, 15 years old, who is grand card good? How much confidence do I have? How much extoration in the marketplace do I have? 
Do I have I don't want a market to communicate? These are basic skillsks. in my insurance. okay? This is not going public. 
How much personal spirit and energy do I have? Can I wake up in the morning? Can I get in front of me or can I push through? 
Can I have any traits of courage and discipline? Now if you ask me that motivation or discipline, I keep your motivation, I just make the discipline. The ability to vite them inde to show up whenever, no matter how hard it is, okay? 
When I don't want to, we're not hurting, when I tired.? How many of you think the ability to just drink the genius and discipline would be invaluable to you? So don't complicate this. 
These your basic spiritual human characteristics. How can I develop those things, okay? Now, this is I have this big target and it is $10 million under management, whatever, okay? 
The way to get that is when this with this, it's people it is impossible for you to get your target without making contact without. Maybe you should need white people, or you need to not like it. okay? And tell them you don't like it, okay? 
You've heard them say you heard and say I have a go to help eight billion men. It's not actually, my goal is not tell me. That's not what I said. my goal is to get eight billion people to level who I am, because I cannot help them. 
In fact, half of them do not want and not take my help. How many you know people not accept won't. You tell exactly what's. exactly what exactly.. 
They don't take your advice. They want your box, but they also on the dogs, yeah. They're not ready to check. 
I cannot help everybody and neither can you, but I would still have a target to reach them. How can I retainability at in our company? And by the way, I started to do this just 12 years ago, somebody in the room star is Today in 12 years, the goal was eight billion would come up sharp, definitely eight billion people don't know me, nobody knows being china, nobody knows being Taiwan, nobody knows me, most people don't know me in Australia. 
But after the eight million people, I successfully got about 150 million people to know. That's what we think that's what we think actually looks at something that we go on Instagram or TikTok. How many times have you heard leaked in leaked in this weekend? 
How many have you noticed all the professional financ people, they don't mention Instagram and Facebook and TikTok, all of them, four times this weekend you heard, you can find me unlinked in. 150 million people are gonna see some dumb shit that I had online, sitting on wing the plane, throwing cash off the top of the car, doing a serious podcast with somebody, talking about the COVID or the vaccine or MAGA. something they're gonna see me talking about some homeschooled with my kids, figuring out my marriage. I got my little dog dood something, they're gonna see something. Why? 
Why am I do that? Because eight billion people have dogs, marriages, all these things they dropped for. You out of those 150 million people just so you guys understand, only 156,000 people actually be visits with you. 
It's a point zero one% closing reg, okay? . zero one% of the public that knows need is the opinion. Now, out of that, 15,000 of them invested with the actually 18,000 out as of this weekend. 18,000 give me money, okay? These people give me about a thousand bucks a person. 
These people give me about $500,000 a person, okay? And then there's another, um, what, 15 times 15 times one and a half is what, about 20, 22 thousand? 22 thousand of them rents something from me. 
Right? These these are your numbers, but what was the connection? The connection was it a target a target that I was willing to communicate? 
Who who achieved my target? MyG communicating to people? There's people all these are people, these are not numbers here. 
Now, when the insurance gentleman was speaking today, Brandon saying, I wonder how many other own you guys were bad insurance. Is Brandon there? He ran and asked me? 
they provide rent insurance? I'm not providing those 22,000 people that rent for me your re rent. They're buying so. 
How many you having church?body in this? 156,000 people that buy a product from the thousand product from a year. $150 billion a year in is little company. 
How many of those people do you think insurance, home insurance are insurance,ental insurers, huh? I did I do? I just built a big business. 
What's the most guys that worth this business? What is it? is the people. 
You guys are underestimating value, you? All businesses in. How many times can I have you? 
How much can I communicate? What can I talk about? What I talk? 
So if you're flying under the radar, how many even talk this as a kid flying the radar, don't get too much attention. How you killed that? told me that over to the rad don't get too much. 
How many radar't too much? The person that told me is the in the river and get too much. The mostful confidence in the attention. 
Go go, blue, Facebook. Gotcha company doesn't get attention. Now, the individual might not get, but in the very beginning with rock and J. 
JP. a person I't Tommy H, you know of the Tommy did not know that it was a human attached to name with people connected with people become your business and the number of units the number of you communicate with that you can serve that you can have. This little business right here, this little distance right here, this 15 is 18,000 number. These are investors. 
These people they need one5 billion dollars in there. China you're in the room will be right now. Bob Doug was watching you build this building and scratch. me in a very first beginning I been happened. 
I had raised no money. at 1.5 billion I raised more money from these people. these people who wanted to invest with me. Where did they come from? These people that those people come from? 
These people on the Internet on YouTube, X and Instagram. How many of you could have done that in the room? How many you could have gone on these commander like that hit and just post information? 
You could have.. Would you have to have committed to the target. This whole thing works when theermine what is your target is not the mechanics or how many church works or how many new public. 
All that can be figured times, whether it orensions, whatever the gym business, the medical business, cookies, any cancer, rolling out of vaccine, we figured out how. you do it through your communication. You're gonna communicate people. How do I need to make the people? 
I don't? How do I get confidence? How do I get the motivation? 
How do I get the discipline to actually communicate? What am I talk about? What's your story? 
And that's the truth, if you wanna the target, one you gotta admit to the target, you gotta get examples about the people so that when you give up on this target, how many people people quit on your target at some? raise a hand, if they'it? I guarantee you'll equip. 
What what's should a quit or somebody they' not gonna quit? You're gonna quit. You will quit, folks, okay, how many do you think you're gonna quit somewhere along the line? 
How many things you're gonna wantit? Oh yeah, you goddamn right, you gonna wanna quit. And the moment you wanna quit, you will quit for a second and then you'll have to start over again, but if you have somebody put you along the way, maybe you don't quit right now, bro. 
How many people you don't fit you could sell? Okay, I'll just drop the target look at. How many done that? 
Yeah, they bring couldn't get it, you got hard, you got diffic, you got tough, skills are good. The kids are crying, you're tired, and you're like, shit, I'm just gonna drop a car little bit. I'll just lower the target. 
I wrote about this in in the connection, what do you do? you increase the activity don't drop the car. Get a firm target, whatever your target is, I'm gonna reach eight billion people. 
I'm gonna reach a billion people. it's impossible for to do that know that right. Impossible. I reach. 
I don't have the time. I don't have a language. I think it's impossible. 
I don't think I can actually achieve it. I can still go for everybody. Oh, by the way, if I did another business with you guys in this room, that I was the target if I don't give up. 
Oh, wow, I have to be in 189 countries, you? in in that many languages. Oh, have people around. this is what. 
What did they do they what they know? so for those like? wife, why. 
Jesse Water. Okay, you guys watch theest work? So so my wife who I is double myself, okay? 
I'm here, but she's gonna be Jesse works. I'm helpinging. I'm like, they're gonna ask you about you like. 
And you're gonna say, because I know how to do this, so I'm gonna help my wife. You gotta get attention? Attention and money your identity, you get it, you keep it and then. 
She's gonna get ownship. She's gotta keep Justin's attention, and then she's smart, she'll multiply by something she says. I said, when they ask you about Mark Cuban, you're gonna say this. 
Mark Cuban is a little bitchended tens of millions of women. Mark Huban may be a Trojan horse for the trunky ofain, and one reason he went in a land. said that uncomfortable, doesn't she' elegant. doesn' talking about and I said that Harris had piphampers and you're like, man. horrible up. and the public building.m saying, you guys need to.tal and I'm just looking for the. I need to walking the ground. 
It would set me the way they would this, I'm almost scared everybody. I with my investors. I create a a platform. 
I'm like this is everything I is. I understand? Every price that we offer, Iciness again. 
N. The $25,000 worth of for the 12 meetings and you guys come with us N. made. made up every symbol that you have in the evil language was made up. A DCD, EFG, one, two, three, four five. 
They're all way up. All this stuff was made up and screened out and up. It was a concept, it was it was a kid, it was like, I don't have any money on aritson game. 
Monopoly. What's that gameine you play Brandon? Bad, back me Brandon.. 
It in the bill. How many of you play back the do the Pitt, the 12 r roads?? pull up speed up? 
everything made. How much guys? Can you make the I'm going to reach eight billion people? 
I'm mut. I do that. And I know this, what I run about the people who are doing gets easier. 
How many gets easier to send it in a room that has got $12 billion. a big deal to put down in. like this time I meet somebody that' them. I' never seen. Anybody that success, they not. 
You're pushing it. I just phrases, man. You know what it would take and they to have twelve billion. 
Okay, to have twelve billion, like in like $12 billion dollars, $12 billion, most of you can't write it out and zeroes without double checking yourself.. $12 billion, you would have to make at least $25 million for yourself. And to make $25 billion for yourself after taxes, you probably have to produce somewhere. What is that? 
What do you think, Bob? How much money do you have to produce your25? Fort? 
But how much with the investors? How much the rest of the world?, no problem he hasn'tability, he's created hundreds of billions to end up with a piece of it. fraction the value of the company that build. just value the cookie company. What was that company? 
I there for monet. but the cookie company, the cooking company, the cookie company that probably made a couple of million dollars. be indusias. The first fuel spirit the spirit will wow, sell was I mean, it was sellingers. It's you go from a wiener to. especially a black wiers. 
Okay? So, so on saying is this really like, if one person can do this, how you do this, is there a money for everybody do it? What does it happen? 
Have you told this all the time? What if everybody's rich, okay. why not? sounds like a good deal to me. 
If everybody in America was rich, what America be better? 100%? But we gotta give people the hope, gotta give them an example, and we gotta give us on. and you gotta have support. 
When you leave here, you're gonna go back to a world and just not tri it, we put on on. eight terrible foods right off. Watch terrible TV. Most of are under hypnosis of the media. 
You can't, you. It's terrible if you have. We want you to stay connected to us so that when you have questions, we can help answer. 
When you lose your motivation, you can have a shoe, okay? I want this. I want this for you guys. okay? 
I want to ext stand myself with other people. If I stand myself, my my money will be on, my life will be. But the service that I do the service that I give you, I could live through other people, and you couldn't get to. 
But first we're gonna get you successful, everybody right? We gotta get you in, everybody agree. No, no, help me outenant. 
We gotta make you successful., man, you get you. You gotta keep from stupid. stupid comes along but don't buy a watch. Okay, you're gonna buy a watch why don't you just invested your company. 
The watch ain't gonna make any money makes you look I remember a guy, 24 year old guy wanted to be with me. guy shows up at money and he tried for a year to get this meeting, then he shows up at my office at a rolls roast. Okay? Tony comes in or any so and so is here. 
I said, oh, really, so? Yeah, he drove up and drew up in his the. Rolls, I'm looking at.. 
He's to pitch an adid and he got. He wants to meet, comes in and says, I said, the rose, what's the wrong about? He 24 years old a big thin band or something. 
Nobody else would. I'm like, what that cost?5800. 
For what? For the weekend? said joke? 
I said why is a video? You' dumbass. I got your dumbass, come back, come back when you grow up,ub dest. 
I wouldn't knew that. It's a wrong car, did you remember? Are you trying to show up? 
You gotta show up? I don't care about it watch. I don't care about the shoes. 
I don't I hey, can you execute an idea make any email? I all the way can you ask for it, you're gonna need you're gonna need legal, you're gonna need account, if you're gonna go public, you're gonna need Wall Street, you're gonna need a high communicate? You're gonna need friends, you're not going on this trip by yourself, you're going anywhere closer to these numbers, you're just playing anywhere with these or even hundreds of millions. or even millions, you're gonna need legal, you're gonna needing, you're gonna need insurance, you're gonna need support, you're gonna need systems, you gonna need people everybody we wanna help them. 
We wanna help you get the X as fast as possible. Can you shut the level a quick? The best thing I can do is build my ecystem throughout of here. a solution to every problem and every every drainment every target I have is through people. 
To build more these things that are connected will people on stages doing our annual growth conference, our love conference now, Cardio Capital, Card capital was the smart inc better career because I send people money every month. We've become a partner, we have $5 million worth of real estate. I will end up being the largest pay apartment owner in the country, and I will do it with other people, regular people, not insurance companies and pension button in in golden Saxon J. 
This would be the first time at scale, this is evident Matson with regular everyday people.. and technically typically been on New York life met by state farms or massive tri. There will be now knowned by the people, not the institutions. we can do the same thing with these businesses. Imagine that this was 100 businesses, HM, plumbers, uh home services, life insurance, dental car contractors, hundreds of them, okay, and we take them and put them all together and we go to them all street and say, hey, we have some, and off. 
And they're like, and it looks like crilled, okay? Because that's when it's whale Z, whale D print. Okay. 
And I asked myself, we could sell the Wall Street or we could oh, we could become Wall Street. Main Street could become the Wall Street.. So, that's what we're doing now ined if we need us people li with us, we need other people, regular, everyday people, common, ordinary people who need extraordinary things. 
We want help you. We might be comp with us, and if we want to support you, wanna help you. it's up to me.. but we need we need great people to have right. I want today that real, they're gonna bring some on. 
We're gonna try to get a handful of questions in here back this as possible. To nextel love it you haven't haven't worked with our people to be more of that. our first well conference our next one is gonna be May, and we're not sure in the destination, so I'm not gonna tell you where that is. We've got a couple ideas. and then the second and next year will be in December. 
Yes, sir..... recognition. I have more support more valid. only go to have made people. next year is not the next, that's that's the thing. So we took all everything everything on a part of the universary and we're making a kid for an eight year old, ten year old, 12 year 15. 
Let's take your program that help you scare around around the world to getar, understanding possibility. but let's not forget the adults., some of your parents and granddarents need to read the 10 next kids. a gonna get the part of the anniversary. so look like the schools are not gonna do this,olks, if I try to get to school program, for the school do whatever I have now, you operated the US military for fre. said three years to get cost. be three yearsret to get it. And if we get through because the systems so screwed up. how do do that just the public? You don't need you don't need the school system, you don't need the government. 
You need the people us, and you guys are not, and senators and the commer all the middle the time is run in the next office. They literally ten minutes after they take their seat if they're London again.? I'm 66 years old, it's on bullshit. 
They ain't gonna do it. You're gonna do it or you're not gonna do it. You're the only one that blank, okay? 
You're not gonna do it by yourself, and you're not gonna do it if you just stay black, but you just stay brown or you just stay white. So you you black on this? you're gonna fit. 
It's too small, okay? You you ladies, you cannot be a lady only business, okay? If you can you can get money to wax a woman and should give money to wax a man.medi government business. 
Big reiness. That serve the public, serve the public, okay? right, we wanna help you guys. this way we can put on the next kids. 
We gave you a copy this book by the way. we're of that connection. is how version of a million. here in our offices with other ch bringing kids from all across the country into our offices and educate people how to get money, how to keep money, and how to buy money. And I tell you, the money language, the money language, these kids that are covered from inner cities and these about money, they become very, very interesting. and very young agees, eight years old, 12 years old, because they're seeing these hugeers make money. They're hearing stories. they're seeing kids take care of moms. 
They're seeing kids are saying that they don't have to be MI golf players, they don't have to be in football, they don't have to be rappers, they don't have to be friends, they could actually be business people. So, I think we by the copyretcher. Yeah, we're gonna sh the kids book. 
We're converting all this into kids right now, so we keep the fronters in the see. a friend we're translate that book and video because we know every kid in America has access to one of these. This is where they. I'm trying to get this is theunk adistration, when you go ti or you go to YouTube or you go to Netflix and you go to Amazon crime when you open it up, boom, you on top the government can actually mandate that and say, hey, you're gonna show up. 
We're gonna educate kids, little kids, coddies, or whatever they call them. I've been talking my kids, my kids know how a new cat, right on a a barue.ger. My kids worked with my company and half since they were six years old. my kids are tax riders. 
They may not just freeloaders. So they' go reload of wide up. I take the money I hid him, 36,000, but I' started at 36 grand a year. 
They have a contract that they have to buy. newertification of the company. and then when I do is I take a 36 grand, I put it in a car on capital, and I sitting in the dividend area. They want to buy some shoes and like, you have enough money in your dividends. I don't buy the shoes. 
The shoes are about to ask. I't buy. buy shoes, not. So, how did you get get super rich? 
How do you think that would get attention to kids that don't have? like, how about? That's how you hit them. 
You hit them where they're at. Then we take that contact with those kids that don't know how to read, and we're like,ey, let's put it in the video. let have eight year olds like we trying to translate everything right now. not to another language be an eight year old would deliver to an eight year, a year delivered to a year, year old delive follow up,ifying, how real estate look, a 17 year old man got a 15 year old kid onugs. it's peerus. you understand? It is a peerush the best pressure in the world is purebrush from the same world. and so that also a positive peerbrush, not. 
We wanna have positive peerbrush on. How many you were with us every day? Give me. 
Do you that? Weucks a month just once a month for three hours a month for the next 12 months to talk about wealth, how do we think you're welcome to we want to invite you to join us.herardo, and scale. We want you guys to road scale it so that we become in this room a force in America where we democratize wealth opportunity and education. 
Thank you guys so much for being here about you.. volunte”