# Voice memo 2 (source duration 2:34:40) — raw transcript segment, split from combined RTF export

“America is a better optory and see. Imagine imagine these circum citizens, okay?arm. 
And and they just moved into your town. You're the mayor. actually.. What would they do to reach out to? 
What would you most want to hear from a new citizen, new business owner, a new investor in the local community, so that they extreme a relationship with the man? maybe someone never try this people realize that'sable, so you can you can message Instagram or on Twitter, you can uh text them as cellones pretty readily available. But what I get is a lot of concerns about quality measures. 
So, if a permit takes on, you're trying to build build out your business or interior building, as mom answer will get a text message to so for an email here. the thing by my. If there's garage in an or a mattress or something, I add a screenshot like, hey, you getank course. I think you know, we are one of the governments might be signalismat and yes, so we we want to be truly smart signal, right? 
It's that one in the two bill our corporation with 400 employees and four intel which one happen an intellig ecosystem don't have an intelligent. question what do you about. business or being there. Oh really? And I'll tell you why because you know, look, I think I think there's a lot harder you on here because you're so much focused, uh there's so much more, um that you have to overcome to be successful. 
The scene for in theater any we not, except actually, you get it the better and then it should theoryending efficient in the fact, right in the course, would you magnate or magnate in a way that promotes arms as opposed to get to the way. Most of the time areating the way, the way products. So, have you, we can be a you know rich to success, we wanna be a bridge of success. 
We don't wanna get a better of the system. and that oftentimes we really stands in the good systems. If you, if you were running this city for the governor of capital, I'm just take. I say that the governor had been transported to the state. was the first she could do after the executing of this spot. what's the first in? 
Well, the first thing I went to do is keep. That's the first. I had a co and this. 
I saidon Musk. I would be on the other side I say, no, no.. because by the way, it's not just about, and not as the riche guy in the world.ens what I mean what is this a messenger side? I mean, if you build an innovative company, the same thing combinated more with the anide products. say William Amazonutral products, and they say, well, that after William, your wife here, you talking if you weren gonna take, right, a million dollars said, no. 
It's sign fact, if you want to a our ecosystem, we don't. If you wanna build the most inated country companies in the world, we don't. So forget about that one senior decision, what do you tell the rest of the world? 
What's a signal that you send to the rest of the world? legal mon innovation? It's not say that. 
And so that's the first thing. The second thing I is I start producing taxes and states like New York or cities like in World or states in California, and you look at the tax differential. could 14.4% 144.4%. used to be able toeral taxes. Trump changed that and you can't that deduction you can't invent it more so it really, really badistic like that's much more efficient. 
Just to give you statistics on efficiency, the budget of the steel York, which we just sort of sort of surpassed in combination right 22 million flurid dispass American population or third largest, Europe not fourth largest. So we have a clear combination the budget half the budget New York's budget is twice the size of the state floor. So evidence that capital, every New Yorker is paying twice as much. 
To be a New Yorker, you better pay love New York, whether it' gonna be amazing. You can visit. They're crying. they're super safe garbage right? 
So, so I would say that would be number two, and then I think uhuced that reduce taxes mean off of the tax uh subsequent, um, you know, not saying, no to, you know, do main, um, you know your main flagist name. I think you also a controversial over Suckerberg gave $100 million in the hot store. you know, in the hospital and then it to it. And I think the first thing in this, right? 
So man is a law in order were pro enforcement. It never used to be controversial, this never used to be something that was a bad new issue. you know, it was just a an American battle in America and follow off, and follow part of the game, right? If you want to change the halls, go for, welcome to change balls. 
But I think cities that San Francisco to cities, what I hear what I reflect, I hear most applicable here is howness, a lot of crime and violent crime in Miami and also the statistics is 19 how many of you maybe were on in 1980, 1989, 220 murders.s two murders three days in Miami. I'm giving you this back. and there is something to come through and everybody loves each other. whether it's great. Everything is perfect there. 
Oh, no, we made it that way. So last year the 25% more combination than it in 1980, we had 31 homicides. That is a 90% reduction, most 10 to more production. 90% this year is it today, 31, 24, 1982,000. 
Now, for rock up and my property dance up. You were? You protest, you protest this by the one? 
you want me to exercise a person that you or somebody? Are you ding on business? You goail? 
I'm. and I're not gonna send in that no cash mail or caught the same? It's not gonna be you know, some of no, you're gonna you. You're gonna be a price for what you've done. how much is this got a good politics. 
It's common sense stuff guys. it's that's. It's not common anymore. the answer. how much I don't too much how much good in the boards? We are one of the largest carboards in the world. we get a lot from South America, uh particularly from Colville. 
Do you only get Brazilians in the house and a lot from coming in Brazil, a lot from South America, uh we get a lot of Europe. obviously, we're now seeing a lot of investment around the US and fle some of the cities that' talked about. And then we're getting more from the Middle East than I think think what I like to see in my lifetime is direct to Asia, I think into directly Asiarist hassidized subsidized, you know. So the problem is, if they come into our market without subsidized product, they can't completely. 
So Tes on, right, revolution, electric vehic market and they asked to order. comessiditive, not billions and trillions of dollars to China and they're taking away from a company who has not very competete fair basis. I believe it's on anry where you want to protect the competitive advantage of its country is acknowled by the gi250 billion from every single utus. to mention the 500 billion trade.50 billion you like the rubber rubber rub it up and there two put a chair and suddenly go to $222. you? I think we live number? 
Or that we coulducks? Or unless or what's gonna happen is a certain producerux in Mexico start producerodux in are products. somebody record labor ourory into the next generation. I think when you think about the context of races integration is that in our ownhere to some large in China, right become increasingly un of the United States, start creating prosphere partnership of our standing.. 
I' dads in seven yearsual. I' a long time. One of the things I' is veryial. 
The line up, particularly hiring yet, and so we're sort of making is just telling our work, time our work on the minimum component, a lot of time it comes together for you to end away the natural risk like presidency government's risk. So what is your last of in, one piece of advice you give them to add value to their city as a business or how can they investound into the city? You between the main part of. 
And then the second part is, you know, could not just the set of stuff and become is that you back all multiple times you all and it move to. And so, you know, you are the uns, but the other thing I would say this more personal is we live in an era and this town it is a social work because it's about personal development. We live in an era where there should be no for lack ofine personal development, whether it'sic in the, whether it's intellectual growth, you're not defined out what school went to, you're not defined as well. 
You're defined by how effort you put into your own personal love. period full stuff and you should never ever stop. You should always charm yourself, you should always push yourself, obviously one to be a man, want to be a good, a good husband or wife's house where but I also think should focus big of your time on personal.ice would be in the room, including, would interested in politics.., I didn't business, that's.. my first piece of advice would be a, right? There are two billion left c, hundred million RNC left left at the state and four and a half spends six trillion like the federal government needs two people to throw democracyends for good people, what our enemies that? 
enemies know that theryptonite to the democracy is division. So the more that they can push division on and are multiple of different ways, create chaos, get asbed with each other, the more successfully are our infiltrating and diminishing our system of government our real life. So, as we grow and progress andature, we have to be able to find ways to block that figure that sort of infiltration you will. 
So I think that's part of it. I think the second part of is we have to know about courage. Listen, you're building a business, it takes courage. 
You're dealing with incredible risks, you're doing something your life seems all, and you're hoping that it works whatever your idea is, something that doesn't work, you you an up and you do that. is why I love the whole other' never really hit by. part of it is you get up, dust yourself off and you keep going because you don't know what you. And any for public policy for service, it is I would call and 15 years later or six years and the answer was, yes, because I think I made a real difference. I' able to help built the ecosystem that I love that I was born and, you know, basically up hospital. 
I'm guilty this as I said and uh criticized politicians. you know. Yeah, and then I heard that have not a politician, yet, you were talking about criticism back, you got a criticism, the rumors that he what advice would we give this art when it comes? Because if you guys are gonna be successful somewhere around that structrum was successful, the hate has come you just want to talk we were talking about this as a huge this is a huge issue we' today's meeting. 
I was I' giving you two pieces of advice. One is some sort of complement. It was always about faith in in other words. faith help me center, my mission and and and sort of calibrate admission to my execution on a baby basis. 
I think I tried to take it into the next level of meditation and I'm a firm that I have to understand that itract from your conscious writing about conscious or not, your program, and your conscious ming what executes the program, right? The rap is wrong. And doesn' find ways to be able to repro you grow up with all kinds of naked signals, right? 
Whe it's you know, people who are good enough people toast what they go to the school, whatever whatever it is, right? So when you get hate, the hate hits those nerves, it hits those nerves, those nerves that are already, notices, they' they'll jump out and so many different until they when itch.ger. And so I would say your faith, your family and meditation as a of learning on reprogram programgram, and and and deal with a listen, the second thing I would say is we talk about in about is to understand. 
But you will hate you, it's actually a cock and it is, because what you're doing your your are recognizing that what you do matter so much that in events them, right now so much, you know, fuck it up and I being so completely, fucking like a young, stat, conservative bob or something. Right? Wherever is is the opposite of those things, things, oh my God, this guy is the done. 
Were right? Because I am opposite by the categories that yourself on matter. But that's what society does that's. 
They did first and then the second thing they do is they see more set of. If it does, then they're desensitized so we don't seem as it could be more.. Francis, that we''re laugh. they don't seem even as a human be, which is why to be soicious, if you if you're time in an added object, you're not worried about hurting the feet, you time you're time a person, a real flesh of the person, you worry about being civil thinking would have mix straight. 
So it's's it's it's unfortunately we with and his com, and I hope it comes you guys, I hope you guys are populating and as much haters and criticism. I don't know has ever been successful't say it't. That's true. 
I mean that's true. And you learn how to the intertles it's got a lot of energy. If you hate that oftentimes it' because, you know, you have to be so level where people have to eat because it offends their success. 
What do you think what state is gonna be the biggest benefitary of this election? What single are the be the steps? I using? 
Well, for the first Texas side. I mean it's a no. I missior I am here, what we we're doing differently in Florida and specifically is we're precious asset. most precious is not opport in. most precious in the one that we all had comment solve myself includ, it's your time. 
To me it's more valu not how much paid to the year, you paid the ultimate price to the year. You gave us your most precious acid. You give us something you're never gonna get back. 
The money you will make, you'll make the money only ten times what. It's not the hunt that is that has to no limit. You gave me your fin ass of your time. 
That's really the most precious asset that you guys gave in. I'm gonna tell you this forward when you get out of here, think about how you spend that acet, particularly as you get older, because that as it gets more more impressed. So, I think Miami does the best job of creating offerings, whether it's formula one, whether it's sports or its culture, whether it's public areas, whether it's no task for whichch weather, whatever it is, it's far contin to give you the best bal team to turn on times. 
What do you think what do you think about a real estate not real estate in Florida, what you think about a real estate, how far is it real estate wow they continue to go up and down, wow continue to go cancer in the so easy. So easy this. I won't the only one the only more water in the right. 
I only only real estate a big one, that's it. I thought, yeah, I tell you. So, I'll tell you this, and by the way, I just a I want invest in the future and, you know, in companies that are growing and it's the odd are that's all I got. 
When I was elected in 2017, I9, when I was elected to not 17 major, seven years old, the value of all operating the city in Miami all the prof is $40 million by all and eight 100 bill, so it's 150 increase in seven years, okay? That is just value appreciation and a new robbery creation. That is that the industry that comes from that's that's the what common would say the unrealized means. part of that part of that 40,000. 
The part of that I think are anymore. That's true. forget about.. So you know, that the morning you came 100 partially because of the of theenty of paper.? 
There. also, does be a. I mean, from California at record rates, uh Minnesota, it was demanded, it was money supply, and it was actual supply, and it would build the time. So what function is considered that what you talk about the office buildings where you have scaling around country, and is getting the highest streets in the entire nation, including New York. 
I mean just a few years ago, three or four years ago, you could get all space in for square foot. Today in old buildings is hard in older goats. In co growth, there is zero zero, like something. 
So, um, you know, that's obviously huge driver prices and we have to continue to supply we we can'tope, like I said, ten x. So we have a beautiful future head, we just have to continue to monetize our problemss for Adam set, which is, you know, a proomism, a prong enforcement or pro er low taxes, the safety and organ innoation. That's all we do. 
And any of you wanna go down to Florida, this is gonna be your new friend and you there and welcome here you like. Ladies and gentlemen, what is it here? You guys? 
I'm interrup here I'm not. How many room have critic? How many of you actually eight oppositions and you imagine actually no.. 
Anyway, okay, I'm the only person who can run these people.usting.. So I'm like, you know what? Maybe you just need to get the. get to know what the challenges are is it, I was this house. what about it? 
I'm limited to my experiences and the best way to get another experiences that looks funny here. That brings me to Adam Poi, okay? I founder CEO ofici letter, letter one of the most financial, mot red financial news letters in the country. 
Hear Wall Street investment anchor, frequently on bus business CNBCards, New York Times and Bloomberg, ladies and gentlemen be great discussion about the economy, and I think we're gonna have this brands please bring the station doctor add OBC.. Hey, Adam, so what do you like like what is your what is your what do you call this? question. 
I never know what happened. It's always says there in econ I'm like, what does that mean? So I think that's a that's dynamic. 
It's always changing. I think it's my wife started out as uh ten years ago, just publishing it like to what I was investing in and what I thought was interesting in the markets, and throughout time is my for all my parents and important sol ouress, but reason a year for years in conception. um, now I on, obviously why college you said, and more than the business, so investor, so, can you pull up on X just because it out on X and some of you knowitter and I'm in there and I'm I've seen thisiding almost great information every day. Wow, this is awesome. 
And then they have a CF an optimum you subtrap use that that? So, you know, it's $130 a month for a letter, and that's we have had a different content, so our newslet is look into one trade oriented more than the people that are looking to messy and uh way plans do find their invest and trade. and then on Twitter we we also cover that but we're also a moreomic base talking about news, lots buttons that are happening that the media talk to time happen now. and I think that's why these you also, you know, appreciated that. you take very jud approach. It's always database and we break it down where this needs to understand it. 
Because when I first started investing, I always worried that I was going like I watched these shows and and they really different reports, and people were always so complicated with that. There were same simple things to be complicated away. I would sit the simple things with a simple way and they understand what make it useful. and that's why our a lot of us. 
Yeah, so you'll see like a gonna go all the way to this. got high attention. So what I'm showing you a marking, a marketing hat, he flew out of even some information hosted on a platform in spree that has like abilities of users. you guys are going use, I don't whateveration, there there's quality, by the way there's more quality on X and they love the on. I think X is changing the world and I think since Elon acquired a company, actually, when you first bought the company, Elon to me and said, you know, love you're name in this finance community, how can make it better? 
do not allow the people that are coming out the next. I actually think in 19 is it worth seven from Elon. and they're very, I think the townity and all information, right? And it's funny you'll see things in finance and you'll see on the news, but you'll be like forgot about that in the next two hours ago., right? 
So if you're an investor, you're not hitting this real time information, direction behind behind, and that's why our following is the very well at the garage. You you one of your grap said, I mean, we can pick up this one credit on that the second. There's one graph, none of you guys have air system. 
What does this grap need to you, uh, about first time bers or on? Okay, first says up, what does it say about housing pricing, first time? This is the first time I decrease by eight percent points to what? 
Yes, is it people that are somewhere that are first time buyers is in housing market right now. It's the lowest worth five years, while the last time 45 years ago, we had crazy manations in late 70s, early 80s, and right now. it's it's another way way because you have high prices and hydrates, and everyone in store here, how home prices and interest rates are interesting it, right prices go, well, I feel that rates now and my first up. Well, no it's it's both happening at the same time, but it's not even that the band is a strong. 
If you look at the ri the mortgage and now that the lower school since 199. there's really, I mean, I value most people in this room or not move to your house right now. I think that's that's what the same. and it's just that supply it's so much lower than demand, so you have motiviv but there's two million houses for sale. Like you anybody want a house, I need to go buy and one. 
I don't know if you ask what? I don't know if you could market. There's I mean, you think there's a national house and supplly? 
So, well and also, sure, right. I think there there are nothing is muchorter, but I also think is that it's existing supply. and what I say it is gonna be this supply on the market is very expensive. One threeomes right now for sale that you for new home. 
If you compare that to 2008, it was one one. So, you it is a home fire, and I if anybody ever from people pull up, I bet you at least they send the listing new construction, and you're in your own temporary or not. And what's happening is these these construction, these home builders, near people that could afford to continue, you know, putting supply the market and people that have Indians and sell their homes and sell and the other key thing is investors that bought their homes, especially single homes, multiple investors that bought homes in one year in 2020, 2021 below. 
Those people had a huge financial incentives south and they told that financials is kind of closing and that. They're not gonna sell. So theirives that if they saw that house, well, not is that Africa gonna be a lot larger than your property, you have to take the mortage instead of two. 
So we've never had period of finding in history where rates have gone up so fast and and then a two-ear period, we've the cheapest mortgage race in history to, you know, there four year lives since the 1980s. And that's why the market was made shock right now. and I don't see any reason that's gonna change unless there is an external factor that brings my extraican market, like foreclosures and bankruptcies. and right now, it's plus there be there be any significant change in supply it 70% of the lungs are below 3%. How we need some sort of mess, for example, let's say, six, seven%, and you want to start selling homes that they foreclosing the home. 
But did that, right exactly and and first of there's let a mess supply remove or and number two, it's still than 2008 because in 2008 more%. So we're closing on your home now, especially with when most people have positive equity in their house before they won'ation. or won't mention pretty difficult. I mean, most people's componing were way below the media new hold on buyers and spending right now. 
So it's an interesting market, I sure. So are you proh housing right now or? I? 
Yeah, I mean, you think if I had the to continue to rise see us, I don't think we're gonna see the the same case that we've seen. I think you're starting to see pockets environ seem like this, but overall, I mean, if you look at the data in high price of commer you guys there'rices really gone down. just because somebody pulls the price down, and went to work for them through too many all the way to 44, you guys like this guy 20,000. It's still 160,000 more than the world. 
So you see these headline home prices coming down. There's not even any. There's no activity. just because one home cells doesn't mean the market, right? 
And then back to your thing about how many now a mar need to see that. other cores. How many that have a mar corpse? Wow? 
That's telling you third of all the housing so are all brand new that have the the housing group there is on the offer by your interest rate of the offer than the down. The other two/3s are not a good stuff. That's a key point, so a lot of the new homes you see the building will say, you buy the house right now, what? 
And these effectively what that's doing is they have a skill, right? they didn't all album houses at once, and they things in muchier than if you call your local build, it' build house much possible. and they' effective they even more difficult for instance in the market and say, yeah, and this is an interesting statistic, uh, multiple localizes for the first time since 2005 an existing home on average cost more than a new. So, I mean, if you guys that new home, and then a new rent so an existing home home home, all home cost used a new. and and I've been hosting about this all over when you've seen it. 
It's it's like if you went to buy a car and it just seem to a car wants some beautiful ones new, the use one cost more, that's done in. And that's what we're on average new home. sign around 47, the average existing home is about four7. and then that is used to if they were existing between as closed now it's or not. so it's it's a crazy time. Okay, you talking about the, you just talk about.. 
This country wasug a massively amount of of posterity and possible sort of all. Why do we need to all that? Well, why why you be more the fact that Angel drunk out one of the most evil evil seven to Canadian approach stepped on. 
You only have an 11,ven, and a lettuce has in the. like 330 pounds and a die. I think as bad is in in the concept maybe be free away limit uh fluctuations on planet, so basically maintain maximum or maximum employment, and limit uh prices little. That's breaking theory. 
I think what's happened is, and this is the most interesting thing about how and, you know, only to September, everyone was talking about, right? That was like, what is it that been upon it? And the question was, is it 25 basis points in the 50 basis points where they wake another month, and maybe wait until the last of the elections you at. 
They caught by 50 basis points, and I was like every show in the country, box and and saying, we're gonna come 20 bucks. I was so, but they even the first time since 2009 worth of an incision that the market wasn't.. So this is what? 
This was the, right? And now, I don't know if anyone saw how many of these, how that we should have been.. we? I. That was actually other night. 
I was the person they started with in the worstception in history degree in the US. So it's like I agree to your point in that I asking with everyone that relies on what they do, and now this is basically araction, is it's so so you follow a tracking optic ind. We guys on the Saturday major processions in the last Have theyript and all of those? 
Yeah, so this is if they go back to the previous. So generally what it yesterday, but but this is the good point. They also say before they have exhibit their coverage. they say it was inflation was. 
I think there's only been the new, the new inflation wasandatory is we have a half three percent and we have soft landing. I've looked at every modern. There's only one soft landing in history and it was in 1895. vast of the situation where were is now. 
And if you look at um, there's actually data that follows the uh this headlinas says. In a way, it was the same thing as not. and the eight in 70 is not.. And actually the one time that the was mag, as a race came in history that you solved in. 
So, to answer your question, I think yes, they areates in kind of be missed, but there're also some kind of inflation and I think that but it's not as, you know, as. It is there a possibility that we've been in a recession except for the job members? that we've been in? 
I have been as how many people here think that were in a recession right now?. me see, if you think we're a recession right now? I you think we're not an reccessive experience? what people think are. 
So I have ad. There's a serious can you that? Because there was a time where reception reception only the G the nonclude anything to do. 
There was no c and we' numbers. something changed about eight months ago where they included that, and how many do you think the current administration possibly has been this one? Okay. So that addition was added, that definition, the new definition of recession was added about 18 months ago, a lot of other things had their definitions changed over the last four five years, including vaccines. 
Another. I'm just saying, we were one engine and we couldn't sell in the product any longer, and then we went to use rooms, the public never bought Ur brain, the barue brain. and then when that was when you guys didn't get on board with Ukraine then us suddenly you had in question. and and this both are quite invisible. all these things were invisible. COVID is invisible, Ukraine's invisible, I mean, it'sible but not to us, and the inflation, nobody really knows what it means. 
So, well, um, I mean, I think the whole problematic thing inflation has clearly levelveled off above the best to is that mandate, so I mean, I'm not sure they' what familiar with the Fed base has been saying forever that there two percent of the inflation target. And by the way, this is another big misconception here. I've heard a lot of people say this, what are as pol or this is people. just because inflation is at two%, they'll be the prices are going down. 
If the rate of the inflation can come out, we don't have deflation, okay? We haven' defilation since. So prices are still going up you have comp places. have three years now, three or four years now, of all inflation 43 months I think of the coordation of good. 
Um, and if you look at the lady educators, it is something published actually this weekend some research, something like wage grow again. and I know probably great, we' get paid more? Well, that what happened you get paid more, you also pay more you got own or you buy that buy. that's down, and you have inflationages. why we only 12,000. Well, we talk about the $824, I don't know what's that, but we had that's a topic, I don't know. 
No, but they're connected. so we have wages up, but we didn't hire. 12,000 times just like a depression. So that that's what I would that's what I. This ties into it. About 20 people here here a recession.? 
And I think that generally this is more invest smarter, definitely you.. you look at the data, there a, this was the pole. 55%.an your position right now. 409 percent of Americans SP. one of the best years in history. 40% month disapp this thing that this is in the history. the country it's. I think that they' saying that the market is much than it doesn't. 
The under at 4% we have millions of people or records and of people working all more are up record number of records and we've been a third voluntary told to be. and in 1945. Somit times on the fed. So then you go to the Fed and they' speaker, in the same press conference they say, well, we're not. 
We're below. We have have a soft on the hand, and, you know, is great. The reality is they see it beyond numbers that there are be this. 
I think the citizen reflects that and I think that's my country doesn't back. and that's why we're probably have an elevated inflation mode of war you very place work. expensive not having you know channels so for those the good and the economy spray and the S and the NASDA and the went up and only 50% of the entire population consipates in the stock. I have about the economy somebody else other stock market have been noticip stop. and you children have aquent question. If everything is so good, why aren't you guys banging the credit cards so hard? 
You're banging credit cards and levels that you've never seen in this in the own plant. Well, can you just show who's you. Nothing is about 1.2 trillion. 
So, I mean this last quarter, I was 1.2 people in a record were reported on the New York, and there one of the reports and they published a total awesomeimal that think almost agentially enough, almost half of the US that., but mess up what would that include 18 trillion would be autom also with that. but you're starting to see weakness in the that that has shorter term the, because everybody's sitting pretty on their. I mean, there's actually over 30% of people have one people below four percent right now. Yeah, when you look at the short term bad metrics, auto loans, credit card loans, delinquencies are atA levels right now. right now autom delinquencies. not paying on the lot. 
You guys you guys, you guys and look at these gaps. You guys are not paying tips in these wraps, you cannot predict your budget that chair, not predict the future next year, and you cannot make the amount of competitive pressure competition. because if you actually understand these numbers, these numbers should benefit aggressive and those are looking forunity, but if this is gonna tap out a competitor, they didn't plan, it's not aggressive. it's get scared, it's gonna see these headons. So that's the reason you're using in this data, you want me to cause, you wanna black up around business the road. that's what I is work all it in our news and our report. is taking all this that high like the noise, all these data always sometimes there's never been more ways in there now. and really that these are four to be, where you can easily understand the mark in the forecast. simple. 
It's it's too people complicated investing too much. It may be simple, you much better, and that's what you're trying to do. So when you look at that, it is that. 
What that helps me is, and this is why I was the shorts credit cards, you' level. October, just to bring you back just bring you back to 2008 people did not were not delinquent other cars. They gave the keys back to their houses them off. from this side of they're keeping their cars and they keeping their homes, and they're starting not to pay on their so far, and so far, but remember, Uber did exist in. 
You understand? Here, keys to my car. I don't have this car anymore. 
I want to pay a $700 payment. I'll just get a seven ride, because that didn't seem. Also, your BMV did not exist in 2008. so all those people that walked away to loans, okay, could have today just put a rent in her own.? 
I think it's interesting interesting, too, is it's a different time now, especially with anality with the AI room. There's a new there's a new thing in a single name market. It's not that admit, which their f is there's gonna be a smart, their faces in there. 
You can just theirame. you wanna get them. Absolutely. I for this guy. every single day what is how does that? 
someone else says they're all the information in that ad, I'm not financially bicycle, what would you say about like if you at what is many the opportunity property. you know how good answer. I need him to be like a strong Unless it's not, not want to know what the truth is, I need to like, go shap. I think it depends on the sector market now. 
It's only singleomes is Reynold. I say that. right now, you with your halfway, it's immediate right now on a single family home, and that's what it 4.4%..its are about 7%. 65%. 
If you have you know, wants your money, you 5% percent, you still still that, right, right? And you're you're not making like that. I don't think single where opportunity is is that we're select markets or other kind of scale. 
One thing happens might as multiical, those if it construction of those of hieractic, and the other thing is commercial real estate. commercial real estate has been home toiliated office buildings where somebody is building in hand. I don't know if you' seem to have that. They're paying what people have one dollar for high ri in Manhat build it. and it's because you there5 million at all. 
These commercial commercial security are they can't that because the building are there two months free every year was for the pandemic. There's been aack conversion those housing and that's why we like the of us. and I think those are gonna allow a lot of individuals to form the place they land, right? most of our renting the people that have done it, and obviously they invest the ones that are behind that. but that is a change fact that buy home is not making the luxury it's very difficult, but I think that is gonna be is converting its commercial properties into something that's more residential. 
So so if the average mortgage on a home is, let's say $300 bucks, and the average that the country is $1800. what what goes does something come down or something more well, let's say what? I think they build anything.. How do you close their gap is what you're saying? 
and I think the answer to that was gonna be more rates. I will think that lower rates are coming back right now. I think what's really good to have happened in weight or somebody that analyzes aos price. like you said, is is not happening serious overseeing. and the fed, I mean, they are cutates that they're not seeing national markets right now. 
Maybe in two years from now, you so that said they want reduce race of the mortgage market actually. So the average 30 year mortgage in the last month is not five point. The highest population by business, and they' moved in the possible direction. 
That tells you one thing. the market is done about. And howl is that that term andates, but he about this and his music.. why is it that you're playing for mortgages are now by 14 percent? You said, oh, just a natural question if you want. 
I don't think 100 is move in the opposite direction of the community is a national population. It's the market is sp pressing in a couple of things, but mainly one remount of influlation was 4, and number two, uh score less does. We're spending the the government now as it in the PD and world War two levels, all the software and that. is down. 
So I think what's happening is you have you have to think about how the must find is that how many b trillions of dollars a year. They sell to people everywhere in the room here. they go to the market treasuries and they say, yeah, use five differentribut treasries. use a three month no, and will pay you four percent. and what' be learn that after a year or two, and we'll borrow that money. Well, now there's so much supply measure like mark, because the company more some of money, that your flight marketond and bond pricees and interestates are effectiveibly interesting related and lot presses out in the industry as well up. 
But when you more in the supply the price now. I not up and that you're pricing in multiple things that I. whether or not, I don't. Maybe the new the new do. what would happen if we un? 
Well that the government get fire. biggest be for. any? let me ask you, I did that, because I did this all of that I did a bad. This printing money created flet or is low interest rate. which one of it? 
The fact inflation started in this cycle if it started and it was partially due with studates and bas zero and March of 2011. But I think it's it was option bad, because from all the headlines, I mean, everyone here that the better of the world that ad age, that entire economy is shut down. I' war even everything. 
How many you shut down? Yeah, so, if that's only response to that was, you got cover it. and I know there like a Sunday night the market cutting rates, like what ratess go from where they're box they go to zero. Is that right? 
How does that create create inflation that end, right? And the you can think of all now with the bas create that. All forms of that is basically free and an inflation doesn't basically the thing about that just get things going, but that also has press here. 
That's outward. But then you had a level wam because the fad there' two sides of inflation web, you have supply side inflation and can inside the fed can pull the inside. Supply side is are not like supply chains, you know, there's a war that is fromains from the rain if on that work. 
If there is a oil, whatever it is to go involved that it comp closest with it, if it use that there are over. Well, you had both cabin in the same time, especially the breakout of the warrane, and a lot of a lot of local machines were shut down and other they' flying all of the laws here and even in travels in here after a while. So they had all sides of things happening, and well, yeah, obviously thatlects a huge natural inflation, it's hard to say theants and other options of view it seems to be on race. 
But then there's also the pistol side of things where the government have to four million dollars and at the time, which thing is going more printing or the I think that printing was by far the mostful thing. many different angles, because the time thePS could look up in the at the time. I was saying this is gonna be the most the largest involuntary tax in history, because that's what inflation is. It's an involuntary test test. 
No one's actually payingfortunately not just from some medical files that's being passed on all for higher prices and the other thing it did was it made people useending money. I think if you would have gone any local or all, I would involved inynetic and the con store would have a lion unlighted hundreds of people. it was like a I thought so really the inflation was caused by these people going to the all andicating. These people were the good ones. 
They wereable to. But um and well, what happened is that a lot of those spending evidence have been proliferated now he credit card that this airacting. and then not only that basically necessity is so expensive, that taking on that more more expensive forms of that art has answer, and now an NS space where we're gonna say, well, in one or two years from now, we'll see where we are. Most everybody in business are, what is your or investor, what is your what is your recommendation? 
look at it all economics numbers when you look at forump gets in in January, 20th with an operation. university, but you'ulable, and now what happens what happens 20 about? I mean, you' American. So, obviously, things change in policies when they change in the time. 
So it's not gonna be one instantly stop. But I think for my places is, especially because I see a long period inflation, invest in assets, real est are an asset, real estate is the best and inflation stocks, in the stock market prices it includ S values up together. And you look at the people that are better off now versus in 2020. they have one them they have more S, right? 
what else is hor? Real estate hor gold so all that. You have.. 
Mexican two or something. We all for years. But um I think you need to head against theation and against uncertainty. 
We're gonna funship. And what does it else mean? Yeah, you're gonna have some weather. 
It's a stock market could easily have a time all that new year. Actually, if you see it on average, at least won pullback for a year of thatitude. but then especially for people that are in cash flow from the SS, let's just see you investing your cash falling. Actually, I think you bought you would love up market, right? 
then you can just go back to everything right now that's $200 for $100 and your cash for the time you're making division of your investments, you you're re reoun your portfolio, and then when it goes back up, I double that in investment. So I think more be open to the weaknessing across the market and take advantage because that's really where people get. every crisis is someone that that's. that's us here. You guys give a big hand. 
Even though All right, so our next is gonna be like. Uh, our moderator is a 25 year Wall Street. He's an excell brothers institutional trader and a regular contributor on Fox business, CNBC, Bloomberg Rooters is a recognized econist, trader and alien office experts expert. joining in two million guys. legendary investors started their careers in the NFL before all the finance. they found their home, trading options. their successes traders led them to creating their own trade platform called trade monster, which was sold in trade for a crew 750 million. 
And they have been a stable on gametime trading that best he shows for the last 45 years. Ladies and gentlemen, please give it up for Mark Presti, John and Pete De.abulous, um first huge, huge, huge statut to Grant and Jared Sherry, Tony in the entire 10 X. given it up, Greg and. So, I foundation foros is I wanted to be excited about what here and. 
We are about to enter what we was a market site. This is something that happens in markets as once every 10 years, every 15 years and there's something happened on the middle fifth that's triggering that marketcycle, whether you're a Democratic Republican, whether you happen about the mad last Tuesday or sad, and the reality of it is the experts on both sides of the out. historical statistics and the stuff that we's expert trainers watch are allalent that we are about to enter a period of time that you do not want to this being in the stock market. and I know that a lot of you were gonna say, well, it's complicated,are, at training. I use. 
We're gonna dispel those lists different and by. So, who who's wearing a 10 X there? So I constant it wasn't just a opinion. 
So what happened during's first presence? The down returned 56%, 126 stops on the down, at all time high, and they had the best market performance were any involved in the presidents in his Calvinools does worked twice.. what's happened since election day first. biggest one day gain of the market only sixth in two years. We have an experts. my expert divingetting to do this news car for 66% the return of the SMP to an end of Trump next administration. 
Wharf. and we can trust those guys so know show on the wharf business free go, several days a week, known the, look for you, you shouldn't listen. There are no, the most pro stock market in history, so market supercycle is more and whyats enter one of the most pro business, low tax, low reation regimes we have ever seen with a group of people that the president has decided to surrounded soft who are some of the brightest and smartest business people entrepurs millions of businesses like all of you that we've ever seen one of the Elon Mosc another oneated grand... So why listening to us, the guy that strikes are these two guys... 
I had a Wall Street.. 28 years on Wall Streetets for their stockchange leading Brothers created an institutional league plus school law to capital takes him 20 years, 15 years to on CNBC box and variety other channels, a lifetime trader and entrepreneur pleasure, and it is a pleasure is to work with people that you also thought your best friends he religion in life they. But I want to introduce you to the real experts here, and John and Jerry, quote, let's give our job. saw the number slightly what we break down here.. both of you was lots of know comfortable pro. Um, what is it about your experience in the NFL that applying you for success this? 
Oh, I was my little brother. I' played four games. I came out of college, undrafted, got the opportunity to play a four beat, and being with the worst players was the Chicago Bears, so I picked up, because they don't want to go up against the uh, you know, the Yan, for instance, and it was baseball, and they don't want to go up against the England Detrius if that football, you wanna pick a team that already loses so that maybe you could make the team. 
So I made it before games that I got because Mike Singlet I't this guy. He beat me out, and so then I went down in the three for, but what you'll also hear from me is it's disciplineful. He it's not difficult. 
We can teach every single person in this room how afraid, but it's the discipline that will tell in your training account bottom line every year, whether you have thisipline or not. if you have discipline, you'll make a lot of, and if you don't, you'll lose a lot of them? Yeah, my experience football played at the University of Minnesota. I was a line matter. 
I was fortunate about touelards while I was playing, I even watching figure out an opportunity to play the NFL tour. played with the 86,87, I played with 10 years of the eating hik, and then I kind of around in a different, I had a little number of a sketch on the camera, I had another one of the world football. And the one thing that I've always taken away from all of this is there, especially that it started really in the university theota was to be the best or to get to the money wanna hit gotta be discip. and there is nothing closer to the world sports that because you got so discipline each and every day, ever position you put on, you gotta be very well aware of all of the different news stories, all the different analysts that might be out there, and you've gotta have that just like, not only will not great race, but also when you have badories. and if you do that, have a much better opportunity to find yourself on the better side of it. And so one of the things that I've heard when now went out the gate when I got out to the three or Jonathan had been there a little while before he was moving up off the floor. 
I was on the training floor, but I wasn't sort of a a way to not to give people a little bit while out on ground down there. I was a little bit moreressed probably the most serious, but it was amazing down before because there were so many people that people think that all this I, which is probably closer to true on this oxide, but on the oxgen one side, it is a lot ofolks that it came from every water blind. We had the guys that had changed success that came out of high school, never got in in high school or dropped outated graduate in high school. 
There was others that had played different sports. It's not just footballated. I think all sports required. 
It wanted to be good, wanna be great. you got out this. and you watch the guys who made the money on the training, and they were the guys that understood that whole thing. When you get big, when it's lighting up, when you get you know all these different things, and I think of all of that as a background just really all of us. YouTube, for sure. 
I mean, I think the discipline is is really something that everybody has like not. They just gotta make sure that they practice. We we've got a lot of catch phrases are going one of the most EDA disciplin States action, and we'll come back to that, and then so, you you make your way, you think in bones as you say in New York and a rough training for Chicago, most of those days it was a contact sport literally. 
There actually a you about YouTube as a documentary word that features both of these two guys who show Lat in the action from those days open out right hand singles and a. And I enough hot to come out of the tip of the ripping your shirt pen goes all the way down to you. Some of the best stuff in that get that documentary, some of the very best stuff without. 
I mean, there was some break political stuff from that I brought to that whole thing that. was it was unsa for work. So, okay, so you found you compter forgery, you found opt Monster, you found trade rus, you't want to give that foundation why people listening to us about how to trade soots and options, what national and the credibility do give us good the option mon trade wants shirt option monster we have education because we were our in other words it was my money, and so if they didn't do it right, they're losing my money, so we had to have good education, superior education to any of our competitors. We bring that same education now. 
We did it then, the trade monster and option monster and now with with Markel. Why? Because we sold firm, which is nice enough to say, we sold the firm to each trade for 750 million bucks. 
Why did we get so much money for it? Because traders don't up a lot of money. So you guys learn how to trade, that makes everybody happy. 
This makes the guys on Wall Street, the guys in the investment bank makes us happy, and you guys are gonna be alive out here because you're not gonna blow over account. Again, Grant never really believed in the stock market and tell got a hold of him in a good layers and Brant, it wasn't a headlock for me, but you a long time to bring a bill. Let us have a a lot quicker. and he actually listened to us and hurt. 
But he did more than us. Not that he did it, he did it twice, and the second sale was to arguably the biggest institutional investor or the one of the biggest questions on treatment. And by the way, there is a relevance to that fact, which not. 
Thus about the second wasical. Griffith moved from Chicagoside down here, of course, with both one of the largest headlines that not the largest edge fund in the world. Ken makes roughly hundreds million dollars a month with his head under that by five years ago, the way, but he bought our trading business that was on the tradings. number a good number. 
So, that has spent almost 20 years as arguably the most been in the recognized bases of the financial TV. I always mumble, I don't have to be for a long time when I walked through an airport with one guys in needs to. I have lost involved in taking pictures, but I'm being as always in her. 
I'm sure no, no problem. and then worked for value was more, right? So I wanted to do it to talk to you about that, why would here and and I also say those in the journey of who's just been a really interesting one. John and I, I think, took us four and a half years or so to convince Grant to join us of his walk by, and we were incredibly proud for this example to have Grant joined us as a partner in April of these years, we won part of the business, because we borrow value, like we played to do all businesses that an insider, and we have kept saying, well, you know it is, but if you understand what it is as to do, you haveits. 
So all we convinced them teaching them, teaching all you to control you, whether it all needs and how that works. So, um, John, is theat was grand. is is there? Yeah, market is great. 
Does that mean every single stock is ri that stick of every single stock to the outside of the down? No, but I don't care about a single stock. I hear probably about 20 or 30 stocks a day. and when we see something happening in there, and we've heard me say this before, but whether it'sitz McConnell or whether it's Nancy Pelosi, and you know, maybe politicians the two massive insider trade legal, I want to follow those guys. 
I think they've got a really good reason to be binding rapon just ahead of, for instance, the Russian invasion Ur. I mean, there's all kinds of examples like that ever day, but it's not just politicians. Sometimes it's a big he product that's getting involved. 
We really perfected this system in the late 90sol, and in early 2000, we really, unfortunately in a way, found out how well it worked because we saw our usual activity in the books, which are the downside that's an insurance policy that you know, you're better than the stock will drop if you're buying only the foot option. There were massive foot created in American airlines and United. They were to plan to companies unfortunately, that were used to fly planes in the world Trade Centers. 
So we knew our system worked because we had this massive we were like, well, I guess we're gonna get downloaded as we they got downgraded by the world. I mean the whole world obviously in like December 1941, when another attack on the United States was perforated in Hawaii and everybody said, well, did anybody know about this ahead of time? We could actually say, that what they did. 
People knew people made money or $40 million off the trade, and it wasn't the guys on the plane. It was whoever set them all that made all. So if you know that people do things like that, you guys end. 
You know our life because in that up an airplane and that had a lot of that didn't. had that big game for him to try and get his mother time. But yeah, this happens every day. It' written, yes, it's ripped because people have better information than all of us are not just pointing at you. 
I'm saying all of us, we get the information and we get from the computers that are complicated in the data centers of it, maybeacing some houses of the United States, the NASA and New Yorkocking stage, and when we see this actor, this unusual objectractory, we jump in American, whether it's bullish or the outside or Paris and the Johnson. You people' it would be financial crises rather not too many years ago American crises, but that was the one that we do not just as crazy as the, you know, the Nile left and all the rest of it it. you know, here we are in March, we've got air, there's a lot of questions being asked, CEOs on the he saying, hey, everything is how we talk about here? It's, 65 bucks a, or something like that. 
Why would somebody go out there there and go by theuss, you're 35 miles away, nothing about, it's not a headge. that's not somebody trying to hege the position. So the only thing be is looking for some sort of a violence defense, right? I mean that's the idea, well, they got the men because that is stock very rapidly not long after the CEO center that they were spot, I say, no, the stock is underneath ten bucks the next thing you know underne need three, basicallyically, that to be just completely the last and the go is that those calls that they bought the 30 cents, they only bought like three or 20 or 15,000 of those calls. each one the equivalent to 100 chairs, so not bad as far as the size of the train, that size of the train pan all the way now and now sing these 35 books of the 30 books are worth almost the entire dollar of that. 
So it gives you a little bit of an idea. this happens all the time, almost every day, not to that degree, but there are incredible unusual oddies that hit on a dealing with every single one.. everybody remember the movie Wall Street they want on. lovesel. What was what was wrong with that? That was illegal insideration. 
What we're talking about here is inside information that is, and we don't know who'sacing the trade. We don't know why they're placing it. We don't have that nobody our international death. 
Exactly. So, we talk about it in terms of following the footsteps of the squall. and if we can use this information, these algorithms to see and read the tape the right way, along with our team of exper, many who were against that, but later, we are able to changeots, the odds in theare. I guarantee the most, we've got guys that work for EI over the years, and we have five decks in the game of life, which is a really good professional program. 
Most of you can't do that I cannot do that. But you can do if you count target and you really, really good at it and the book slightly into your paper to about 50% something where that. And if you play enough hands and you wait until theck has when you believe or a lot of face cards or a lot of test, things like that, you're gonna do very well, but I'll kick you out of the casinos once they know you're going. 
In our game, they don't kick you up, you can just sit there and have the odds move in in your favor, you're waiting to basicallyounce where the conditions are just right, and then you jump in there and buy their balls, and that's what means means each have to do. It's not hard. I mean, it's so easyire to do it. 
Um, but he coming off a football field six years in the NFL, and so so forth, he picked it up like that. You guys is not a person in here that can't do it. Just be a little discipline and a little instruction, and we can help you grow. 
It not that guy has something showing you the role, showing you that and how the options work and everything. You don't wanna just jump in, you'll have a very bad first. You gotta have a background where were very and our rebellion. 
That is what was started. that's that's the opportunity unless you choose to say, you know what? I really know about, then I told did you knew. But this concept of you mutuality that you guys I can argue I arguing guys, that you what was my been TV show for 15 years, when the segment called unusual, right? 
Jeff that as it turns out a lot of you a lot of the post the language watch business television would like to know where the fast money is straight on a particular day. and nobody else on theraying this has any idea. So we and I would offer these insights into that, and eventually CNBCC said, you know what? you guys put this on our day, we can't just do it once week on, you gotta put it on forck. 
So either heat was on every day or I was, depending on. And the fact that it became so popular and literally they would have to halt some of the stocks that we talk about because the stocks will move so much after we mentioned that there slow unusual activity in micrones and now. They're buying outsideuls right now. 
You could watch the skin se stash and can show on the graph it also go, because many of you will start dying on. and that's great, because it's just an endorsement of how good this stuff is, and it's not pump enough, because Pete and I what we talk about, the unusual black head, our subscribers get the first shot. We tell about 15 minutes later we treated. So then in many cases run the market on the thing. we end up pay word for you guys. 
I'm not selling to you. I'm buying from you in many cases. So I got I gotta cover this one on top because I really talk about to know you guys wanna talk about it. this.. about this. 
John. Um, well, what I learn the most from as they always say is a loser. I was the bucks on my birthday in about 10 seconds. because soon as the earningss came out, one stop, the stock fell, just when we were market makers. again, that's like being in a house in Vegas, if they didn't have rules against God. 
So you're sitting there making money, making money making money as a market maker, and then all of a sudden it works against you when everybody they're pitching cards to it, all of a sudden has weight and help. Now they're doubling up their bet and they're tripling up their vets, again, they get picked up and they screaming that, but in the stock mark, I don't well, I've lost a million b marks, I say about 10 minutes, but I've also had trades marked for my biggest winner was probably 30 million bucks. was over the find as a a situation where a cheap trade here, a lot of big money was on that trade, I followed it and what I held with a lot longer than I have, but I worked out in my favor most of the trades that heat and I do not really, but most of myr are for 200 contracts, so that means an option are less folks, that I'm creating approximately 5000 shares to 20,000 shares worth of stock at a time. I'm not four above it, I'm not Michael Bell. 
I'm not, you know, swinging those huge billion dollar trade back in forth, but if I can get in there and through options, maybe this $10,000 or $20,000 to make a trade where I determinated to fiveX that day, and you know, we did that market I did that Friday. Friday we went this microp computer SMCI. and everybody said, oh, it's gonna be delisted Monday and it might get be listed, what about this? The stock has been $12 a year. 
It was all the way down to 17 because a big stress seller ended for research says, you know, they're dugging up their books, they're cheating, um, and eventually their audio quit. So that's why the stock fell from eight, then down to 30 and hasifted all the way down to 17. We bought it last Friday at 17, and it finished off on the day, and then it is hired by $13 in the after. 
So don't know where it'll open the tomorrow, hopefully even higher, but that's a big weather, and you can do drinks like that every day, just by following the smart. and you know what this got. You guys going on the office. You know exactly whatledge is that all not. as much whatever than this matter. 
I mean, that that's the way to be able to play something that that has thatibility, right? I mean, that's one point 17 most of it's brain go like that, you're gonna be pretty well. I think one of my favorite things that I ever had for this was there was a company called Europe, and was a bot a wildch companies that were traded about $1, $10 $111, I think per year, and some experi somebody in buys thousands of thousands of the out in the golf. how the calls by, let's say the 12 strike calls the stock is created in. 
So you' been a money a little bit because they bought them and they just how this is not a problem. Well, the question was not. so stock the next day, we find out that we fortunately pensced ourselves very, very well, we want options outside of that and a double up even more might a triple up, while more important more options from the upside, based upon this this big fire in the museum. Well, they got the cure for cancer stop 92 bus off the next day. 
So, you get a break from the 10 to 92. Well the options you got absolutely incredible love, like, I seen immediately did on the call, John and I areollow rolled in this transplants version, and I called him up and I said, maybe yeah, is there any chance that this company to has gonna solve this little issue with cancer by that said no she has no. I said, all right, well, I want pause. 
So I have to be able to ride this thing to the side with the balls and then now we get books because over time you find out, well, it' got some great information, but it's not perfect and they do not have all of the say any longer than they cancer. So this thing got all that about So that's the fun about what we do. You could do it in the, you can do it with an outside, however you want to create it, but because the opportunities are there, and as I was saying with your est rate, you are sitting there knowing exactly how much you have. 
You put $50,000 in that desk and most people. It's not like it stops. I mean many of you in the room, perhaps most of you in the room are small business owner. 
You know youriche, your small business niche, whether it's, whether it's air condition, whether it's cement for whatever it is. Well, you don't know have a lot more about thatiche than any of the three of us are ever gonna know. And yet there are hurt like train for air conditioning and things like that, or, you know, we'll talk to ear off about um uh utility stocks, oil gas stocks, anything, but there's many of you in this room that no, I I't a lot more about it than we do, um, but we're just waiting until we see somebody big in the stock market like Stevie Co ads, the Mets that's .72. um, or somebody like um, Darald or Aman, or any of these big tens fund guys when they know, we're gonna have Gary Cohen coming out in a few minutes. 
I think, you know, the the chair Coleman sacks. Gary's gonna get up here and he's gonna say, yeah, there's a lot of these really big guys that have bring access to information, and he is not gonna sayider information, because again, we don't know if that's what it is, but can you attend every anst call the Tesla? No. 
Can you attend every time somebody has an FDA approval appending for a drug? Probably not, but some of the out there does, somebody out there has been up the staff of 30 or 50 analysts or whatever it is, and they're running you know $40 billion dollar fund, and they're in there basically saying, um, this is unusual, we should be on this. We should get working along this stock right now or conversally, you know they're not gonna have our teams until 2030 mark. 
Maybe we should get out of the stock. So, at the time that we have left, uh, we have that that was just somebody many production can a slide. we just want to show you guys an actual look exactly what we're talking about here, because, when you see this unusual activity, if you a subscriber to our stuff, you would see.es see where you when you see that activity, let' talk. set up to November and and look, we're on television, you can go back and look with the actually said we set up that day, we do a show that we last street of B's edge. It's available on YouTube and street and services again, go back to tax checks. 
We covered in the weeks leading up to November that what the smart money was used, but particularly in a natural level one. I like using the foundation because it's easy to understand. say, so what we cover these views. So now that guys are program desks, these are the stock workers in these large institutions, and others are telling me that institutional traders are put in the most barish deaths in terms of size and leopard that they've seen in half a decade against, yes whatad Euroo. that was a major major debt on a truckictory. 
Next day, some of us nice eleuders and another desks, we're seeing some of the biggest bearish trading by leverage and size we've seen in five years on solar and renewable as usually believe it stops. that's interesting. then, well, that's what happening, what are we seeing in Bitcoin, microstategy, coin based, otheration like that. So, um, a scoo election special actually when you did that, with a two hour web card, uh, we had grand on, which was terrific. and we told people, but not to addicting the outcome of the election. We're not what's that the absol. 
We're not in that business, right? We're in a business abus in the stock market today, but but when you see that much overwhelming institutional money, and I'm talking hundreds of billions of dollars betting in this direction, we said, uh, okay, we got to share this with our audience, we got to share this with the revation. that's what we call people what horrible about immunity. because we think something big has got happen. John, you've got folks, um, you know, we're gonna show you something right here. 
So, for instance, there's. um, on that screen and uh, let's see, that all point through the stream all of each shoulder. says TSII that's Tesla the 24th of October, somebody steps in buys 20,000 February 24 calls. That gives them the right to buy two million shares. So how many here 22 million shares that play? 
Okay, soout are pretty big, and there might be one of you out there in the audience. It might be Mr.. But uh, two million shares and 240 bucks to share, and they bought just basically two weeks before the election. 
What happened? day after the election, $321 a share. It went up from 250, let's call that, to $321 a share. and those options went to $92 every single option. 
But before you give that slide, we said that said 24, 24 folks with the 1058, 10 on their top left the screen. That's when our signal went out to our subscribers, okay? But that's the time that's where the people in part of the revelation got that information that we saw that moculacity, that Mosc people well protesting trade, okay? 
And that there is an outcome. is not a conjecture this is what happened matter what happened in that over the next few days, that's two to three days after the election election is November 5th. You see an ele eight on there, so that's the eight of November? Musk smile and rightly because they step in 4,000 of February is making a 4.4 million share that Tesla goes higher between that day and the third Friday in February, because options expire the third Friday of each month unless we say our. there there are exceptions and lots of them, so that's why I say that. um let's see, uh and those calls went from, again, this uh 37 level for the stock all the way to 348, and that little graph there kind of shows itare stepping up to $348 a shift. and this is whoever the train is, you don't know, but whoever it is, had 4.4 million shares over basically, um, you know, call it mark $30, $30 then 4.4 million shares. 
That that dog will on. and there's a coin. Mark said, what were they buying as far as uh bitcoin and for? They were buying bitcoin, they were buyingara, which is marathon in. 
They were buying a a riot block chain. They were buying a coin base this one. Co base was $23 a share the day after the election. 
The day after just a couple of days later, itains for $330 a share. I mean, this stock exploded to the outside. your number for me. This is a what do they call it? 
SMR, a small modular reactor, but uh and and they do an amazing job and obviously their earn been moved around a little bit they have a reason how the other day wasn't so great. this is a spot that that absolutely they bought these 12 and half holes it was just out of the money as we gone 11 and astra. That 25. So an absolutely incredible move that we see these walls from it is that huge? 
It's not massive, but it's a big trade for a very people are very represents everything we are not pretty far away from the 16 bucks. That's not bad for the 65 cent trade to go to 16 bucks and and that that's the kind of thing that is going on John for a while, it just kept holding wanting more and more and more and more. tell it in, and then, you know, at the very end where they finally ran a little bit further than they should, the last thing that they did did. we had a lot of along with and many of you would ask, well, if these guys trigger your trades because they do, if they trigger our trits, when you get out? I have money on on that optionion for 65 and it fell the 30, I would cut it. 
I would say, you know, I guess I'm just wrong on I'm moving stepping aside. But when do we get out, usually they will close these options at a huge product. they bought moving, the stock runs to the outside. They sell we sell. 
We're followed. We're not leaving. We don't have Nancycy one of the most in. 
I get on XBS tell you that all of us said, people don't even know. So give a trust me. I. and the way to do that is to get around the right people at the right time and write information. 
Gentlemen, I'm bringing you right now is is vice and a body and like the books no Egypt, initiatives and global business expansion, former chief economic advisor of President Donaldatro orab played a major world by economic policy by neutral Mark. He was also former president and CEO of the Golden Sacks from 2006 and 2016, ladies, please read the stage, my friend... Okay, personally,. this guy how many you all the interview the white? 
You better that.. So, you were going. he takes all the credit for sex. who really did all work. design to see, you avoid that really good friends. this is a time. I don't know how many this is. 
This is 2008, this is a global nonprisis. uh it was caused by a market. What was going on with just bring everybody back like, what's in life for you and your life we have a band three kids? What's going on? 
I haven't have three, I didn't I did I didn't. I had a band and who had reminded me that he died in 2008. one of the secondary times my fact that reminded me that I had they existed, as I sort of went to work and been a home for a month or two. 2008 when heot released the Angelrisis, they come all soon. And in all office and when back, each is questionable whether Morgan dailyA, AI, down list, whether these companies were moreice or not, we were virtually on the head of all or not. inside those meetings at that time? 
I'm totally You' total, so I'm sitting in the federal reserve bordering in New York. I' sitting really in the conference table, I'm sitting next to then the secretary of the dire and also, and um I'll tell you for the score. I'll play I'll play a leadingug store. 
This will give you the inside the of the riding night of the leader people. It's about 6 o'clock Friday night. and of course, regulators don't wait admit as a problem to firef fire Friday. Somehow they maybe they didn't work everything out of a weekend. 
We did a call at 6 o'clock on Friday night, they invite all the heads in the big banks down to the Ued. It's a huge conference and run off the front door. We walk in and they say, um, look, they know us that a problem, and not say I' put it over it off. 
We know they sayant a hole, real estate look, we need to figure out how big the hole is and then weug it. and so bunch of the regulatory guys stand around and say, look, you know, can we take the next 24 hours to figure out how big holes. I said, we only need 24 hours and maybe two minutes I' outside of the rocks. So what do you mean? 
I's 30 million un under six months. and you no. okay. It's, but I knew sat in. I' literally on the other side of I trade like that over the last six months. because I knew they were drawn six months in there. 
So they said no, we're not gonna take your word for this started building. We're in a aient team. and since Gary you has someone from about a team, we'll we'll choose phone sex and we'll choose great press rest of the time. You guys really your best team into the fed, we'llote all the information do. 
We lock the submarine until I think it was 2 o'clock to 3 o'clock nights afternoon and run on the adaly, went on the end list, I said, look, I'm gonna excuse myself from that room. I have a preexisting view where this is. I'll have a team from down 3 o'clock and they came down three when I stay, walked in the room and said, Gary's wrong. 
It's 30 million one. So, you're sitting there and towel how old is? years old? 
I did my first yet that that was a few years ago. Lena's 100% year old. It was the merger of five version of low, roads, and I created bom text. 
So literally they go around the room at this morning, Saturday and they say, okay, it's 30 million, who wants to g it? Like they' living. I know that past. 
If we all in, who's been shipping for me? And who's really for. put $30 billion to put $30 million inust account to bail in they workers for business money. So, I think down Saturday afternoon, we realize that very little are also not to work. 
So I think the way guys were starting getting the same real problem. at that point, there's there's scurry uh, I think it becomes the parent that there's a European bank to realify them, that deal can't be done because the mariatory issues in the middle of all this, it's really clear that Marilyn can the weekend. It becomes like Saturday here becomes really clear we're all asking to be capital, and a bunch of us say, look, we can grow up Billy day and we need grow bill, and we need to go up the day, and they also said, no, we got no. So, um there has a little scurry room to figure out what going on with um mayor, and um no one knows what's going on. 
So we sort of go home with another very, very funny moment. um you coming back Sunday in the morning, and I literally seeank Paul walk with John leg sitting like three seats ready the see. They walk we're all we're all you're always picking there, taps on so then walked out. antipated. Then Peter crowds to his work for aole and is also on two battery. 
He either walks out of the penis there walks and heipe as loud smiling feet, Peter's. thank you there. I goes for much.. I said, I go. 
I then, no. I said no, says, I could we could we could put together hours. you got a huge retail there. Like that retail then. worse for those of you that now it ended up going and ended up looking together going to America, but we are now in this refall of Mith, Lena Brothers, AIG, every one of these companies trying to figure out how they're a position themselves to get out of this problem, because as power Iates to the weirdest link, they come the next week is link. 
So this is a Saturday, Saturday, Sunday, one. You know that the market open. So it's even worth a saw it had too important marketus stuff, but we knew by Sunday afternoon and um more like all the latest is not. we use the lead as a file or the US that file. 
And to think about this, I' trying to simply every train firm in the world basically have positions against the. But lead knows the were less didn't have a risk concept of this big real estate world. So, what we are all trying to figure out is if we all go to the market and try midate our data processes, because we don't know who lay have on a side were to create this massive mark. 
We bet we then the observe the SEC was there all the way to the room. We've then there and give us a two hours to just do a full disclosure here my ad on bus working on for like five, seven Sunday the night. so we can then have each other. We just wanted a net second. 
They wanted the best that. they made all of us walk back from our trader desks. I remember walking back in the all, every firm and every trader had worked in them all all. I went back got trade desk nobody many guys scrap it really wild. 
So, you know, and and I think it was one of these unique moments red and most of the train just trying not to move more basic right after the other sand. And in the probably the course takes four or five,000, most of the firms neutralize the risk, because you remember, you got aounce people on Friday, you know living Brothers disappear, everything that ling has like disappears. and now you want. So you know, I mean, how this country that? 
in? You remember, it was the same bounce. it's less than what we had. So what's change what has changed, you know, what I think we've seen. 
We've seen that, well, we've seen some of once more happens. You'll we saw so so that we've got look through the end of the Toronto administration, the be beginning toide the administration, I I can separate it to us. I can separate the necessity into I can I can I can separate half to have one half that. met. 
So the first half of I met completely did the right thing in stimulating or actually go to income replacement world. When people were forced in stay, and they had to lose their job, and they would had no way to a for their standard of living. And even the standard of living, let's say stop, they still hadn't warings, they still had a pain meat, they still had't. 
They still had a although they still had a for all the essentials. If their stopped, that would have been. So in the first stimulus in the end of theration where there. 
There's literally substantially less that coming in and should have come in. We're purely the perfecting in this one of the stim. Now, no, I live up seeing said, look, the idea that we should do is we should give the big parroll agencies the money and just hand money. 
If the parall agenc is just happeningists in this country, we would not have given us in the hands of wrong people we could just have paid payroll, everyone would got the paychecks, the government would have got there with own tax, so security would been paid, everything everything is run through the system. Instead the end's checks. I can get my checks. my skin checks. 
I mean how you got a $100 check? I got. so the bunch you guys liars how do it is that you have? Come on, how many have you guys check that maybe didn't? 
it might have been that way to do this? do it defeat the of the world be, and say the company is not selleral because they don't have. and penize the companies that have. So if you a company doing really good business or FedEx or you yes your business is, you better take a name. 
But if you you're the local neighborhood life or you're the nail or the air system, or things that have our business, we have er in the United States. because you're you're not making arrow in the Unitedities. So the first rrow the first trillion half dollars plus we lost a trillion dollars on rabbit. there was no question. There is just no question. 
Then we get into the viol station and then start making multiple trill our stud things, one highly question. whether we needed those pain because the economy, we are already gone through by work speed. We already had a vaccination once. We already had social distances. 
We already that active, more of the decoration that happens. I I knowact here. We had enough wasule and I network, we did not need subsequ with rapidation. 
And we clearly did need information that we because otherwise was the created, we talk about. Which is really, exactly. So, if you look at those areas, me and one of the a lot of garments in us says the. 
Look, the answer crisis has some fairly sizic changes in this country. and it also has some really. So, you pub in 2008 been a better reserve and never really theality from 2008, quantity of a reserve, you have zero interesting policy in this country, with federal reserve buying mortgages, buying treasury, trying to stimulate the economy. the old joke I always have is if you read an article of an that period of time the 2000 lead to 200 1920 period. Any article when you would have written about theatter would have been, will there ever be a way in it? 
That was the time that was the discussion because we had zero industry policyed period trying to get delay that. and we see that. So the periodation, not. that was that was when when you bly 2% we could make on. in that, honestly we would at the four years of theump administration and their place more of the four years. not to get off the that is what I I'll I'll look, the fedateerve as a dual and quote unquote stable prices. stable prices to death is 2% much. That's stable. and full to them we don't more full women is that I would assume is unemployment race below 3%. 
So that is the good. So during those years of 2008, almost the base of 2021, we were in a place where the inflationary freshion United States was declation. And so the veter Reserve was told as part of theirmediate a state of crisis, they were trying to stimulate economic road. 
They were driving into space now, were trying to get people to not say. you drive into six pan, they're trying to get people not safe, they're trying to get all of these small business people to go out and open another shop, and no piece equipment, buy trucks, higher more people to try and drive more to try more thanand in the economy be great best. That's exactly what they were trying to do. It didn't work down now, but they still try. 
And so so I understand this is not to go is thereenty of money inflation or is it the lowering Which one which one principed really full controls in in a larger basis of the lower entrance. They've got two, they got two real tools. They lower rates and in widing lower ris if they duading you a from saying, and the they're encouraging you to go far. is when you go far, we're not borrowing to say, or borrowing and nest back in you. 
So you, you're borrowing to buy a piece here. You're borrowing to open an escort So is that it is that give you things moved? It' supposed to be inflation as you great war demand. 
And by the way, we saw this work pretty well and in, we puthed so many in the economy and we had a a supply of this. We saw $2 million dollarsasing two few goods, meaningly they were trying to do that on a modified basis, but it didn't really work in the in the three. So you the economicassment under Trump, economic what was the the head of the national? 
So what was the blackboard in the? Oh, I mean, it was pomally ages theyastinated experience.. I added that there are not many West big offices in have Westons. 
You work in the West Main. I spent probably a better part of my day in the present. saw first thing in the morning, I saw him lasting the other day. I if he travels, I travel. 
He went somewhere I was somewhere. we were we were together almost the entire time. In the time we were working on like big names in the economic world. So number one thing was astated. 
So if you remember the first thing that got done to first year the presidency was accidentated. Now we got throw low purple ball head, no longer brings that damn, we walked in to that presidential inauguration, and somehow the House has decided to repeal a long hair. With no landary lic, there was no one had that casino. 
No one had a friend license. So he walked in with a congress that was looking to replace a bomb and they' looking to us to have there. So we promised that the first that part two months on our volare. nothing happened. 
I couldn't got myself out of the long wasn't health and that has to be. and then we started making a taxes all the full time in remain the year, we got taxes done, we got taxes signed not that December 22nd by 12 got taxes. I when the were one came came to the. And and how was that that getting the taxes from? 
What would happen to the wasasty think lower taxes just good for the I everyone was group things that what we did was massively important. and I think we did a bunch of things in that taxville that have had enormous impact that people was not. and I really do, but I I don't want to sit here to both take my take, I think there. So how does the lowing into the lower taxes? How does the low of the benef from lower taxes? 
So let me throw this one piece of reality out there at the beginning. Before we started, and actually we started, the loweritionary population. I easier your taxes. 
What we did was it really and that's not happening. So today, the seven Americans paying on their taxes. What you're really dealing with is that bottom 20 percent, they have a negative tax, meaning they get money back for the federal government. 
So a couple of things that we did in in Ivon and Trump was really inst is something like the child tax. You go put it against the p child tax credit pay meaning you raise the amount of money that parents can get for underage children to children, helping them raise their children. Then you really want for them to make it refundable if we get refundable means, not only to poss the tax liability, we will just write to check back the. 
So you put it above you putundable tax, which you did. So you try to make sure that we were dealing with the lower income earners in. so that's a key question. deal with the ur tax, EIT. You deal with those are we lowered everyone's tax rates across the whole across the whole staff. 
So was a tax rate that they have been pay taxes on the old system went to a lower rad into a zero. So we put more people into the zero tax rate paying your taxes. So you in this business situation inbaneing, it depends what the isire to do in. and it's just not lower. 
I think it like the task piece of this country is there. We also try to simultaneously stimulate business investment. So we try to grow the account, I think people could help that. 
So we went and we took anyone in the in the small business world, and we gave them your human deductions for small businessing. Do we want to lower the small business income tax pay. That is trying to stimulate more people with small businesses. 
We also went after big business. We said big businesses or had been able to earn money off store and not pay taxes on it until you repatriated it back the United States. We said no, we're to deem your offro earnings to be repatriated back in states, whether you repatriate that or not. 
We put a tax. in hindsight to do that, but inight, if you go through why I think every economist at the last three years long, saying we were gonna go in a recession, we're gonna go on a recession in February, I think one of those econies forgot, how much cash corporations brought back from the fourth group. You' as the impact of all this money coming back in. right after the tax level in 1718, you would go back in in Google services. every week there were pro is talking about millions about tens of of that. Apple everything was announcing, oh, we're milk, we're running back another time. comes back, it doesn't in the United States. plant tend to invest higherels. invest this massive decision never, ever repatriation is a min for money than anyorporation earn offshore. 
That was that was exactly the point. So look, one of the reasons which says give him a drive. So, I nervous of this is the biggerrow I say. um, I used to have these nightmares. 
They were almost.mers. I can walk in almost every major form of one of the border in the United States and said, I have the best idea for you. You need to do absolutely nothing different, nothing different. and I can move up your army, your internal action, and your EPS. 
I can change the both. I can change the through your path. and they useful look at me and say there't no, no mag, you know, oh very mess. I go, I sort of I said, I'm gonna invert your company to buy. 
I take these taxes. I'm gonna move it is 35%. I'm gonna move you to higher head. 
You're gonna move your carpet head higher, you're gonna have four more minutes in year higher, and you're gonna lower your tax 20% and then you do nothing good. You used to do that as like as a fiduciary forurable that we're supposed to with it. as an American system, I said, look, this is not American. So it was one like driving sort ofoose to go in the government.. 
We got the us or fantastic down 35 percent, we have an off the minimum test, 15% is all very bad. It extremely change. I think the trajectory of the United States. 
It's changed in the trajectory, how common state, how the invest where besting out and why best. So you think it valuable if all Americans had access to the same tax code that Donald Trump that I use, like if they had access, they knew I mean, I know they have access, but if they knew how to use it in anymore. Would that be good for the country? 
the IX got no income. I mean the country could the country there? No, what happened? 
These people would all have two trillion extra dollars to stick. Yeah, look, it' sound. It sounds like use it sounds like a unit work. 
It sounds like easy. But the reality is it cost us substant amount of money to provide woods and services and protect us as Americances. We will look, we spend most of illegags a year for a national net. 
So that also to train... No one wants to be... So, we' optic was the really that need more w start. then there are in a bunch of other services that are actually probably before human after. 
You know, we probably wants some positive one trillion dollars right now. Yeah, when you breach this 12, unfortunately spending $3 billion dollars a day on eight. We' like to get rid of like that we might go, but we to get rid of that. 
We'd really like to get rid of that let's figure out way to get rid of that. But you know, we think there some of the other things that need to be. I think most people in this probably make sure they the sources are. 
They probably say the medications they're being prescribed both new armed hous. So there's some of these agencies that have a function. Now that you could tell me that we've got substantial work in the inf regulism country, than any other country eitherlished them, I say, you're right. 
We have a lot more regular than any necessary. Why do we need a CPD, an SEC, if you read their charter, they're both there to pretend retail investments. Well we there, but we have a lot of organizations that are really people. 
And I'm hoping this is is Elon Mosy in in these guys get together, they point this out. I hope that we can see, look, we look at all of the major econies around the world. They have this in two in their ring. 
They have a markets regul conduct rate. We have probably eight times ten I need one two. So there are more places where we can cut backin of now of what places.. 
So with an evon system cut should we tooulate out the um what would the first time you heard about what? Yeah, look, I'm excited to see where it's gonna come. as a value sat through with a budget meetings and sat through a lot of tax games, I don't know where it all. Look there there's money in there. 
There are hundreds of billions of dollars in the system and look, when people talk about these things, I don't know if they're talking about one year score, or ten years from people Washington wasn't talking 10 years scores. Most numbers people owe in Washington is over 10 years. so most people talk like that, I don't talking probability over trillion over 10 years? Yeah, he that.s200 billion. 
There's 20000 billion that., I. What do you think the current condition of the Jessica? I think the current problem is is it is not correct, and there there's some things hiding onitude that I think we we what is the? Well, I was saying, four number two is what we're not. 
We're always looking right here once over here. So, look, I think behind one number two over here. and that no one is to talk about for the last year because we' an election cycle. no no one has talked about the fact that we really mess countryheaded. We miss anything our attack. 
The US Treasury is advancingact, very, very structural. We're gonna have to roll out in a much longer day of jour. It's relatively rooted to irresponsible, to keep rolling our deborture. 
It's just too big. It just has to be a problem. Number two problem is miraculously many of the loose things that have each immigant practice. 
They did say a word about the costing that their problems the last year. Their are dying cost of the. They are gonna be looking for hundreds of abilities of thousands of? 
So California California New York you. these these cities and states of face. they weren't the same they had their life and you like it over there. they didn't they were to say something. And we have a real housing these kind of. I mean housing houses is Los, like theordability index our own today is way off the scale. and this is the bottom one is great. only investment. 
We have a federal government that spends their ti in. So we we give our grants, we give us stimulus, we make more orgages the doctor and we have state local governments to spend all the time trying to deensify. This is. 
They go bigger, bigger loss, then they get hard do every time they buyability, you have to look at what is gonna do and how you got a a huge issue going on between citizens things and about. And somehow you gotta figure out that problem. You so now housing $440,000 house, it was too many, we printed all this money out where we printed in the last eight years or so. 10 really..ensially goes into the banking system. 
How much?. every runs times you take 10 maybe 20000 trillion dollars. So we rented in and $200 trillion new dollars in market list because the banks are all. houses owned up $10,000 bill up a four. Why wouldn't housing become even more expensive?? 
I and it' everybody. I live at as I said, you have a major house. I't I don't see a solution. to me, the solution it may happen if almost a solution. 
If we end up with the fed we keeping trying to keep kind of crazy the front end. So, remember the ferms were cuts of front inates. They havero. 
They had federal fund that is over magnified. That's what happened. war for a half a second. They cut overnight front. 
They don't deal with anything longer. So they cut overnight rates, we might get overnight face down. Right now if you look at what they're saying I have a three to three and half set of overnightades. 
They don't control the long dataates. Long data rates mean, let's go let's put 10 years in the birds. Let'send. 
We'll be only there. most of them here borrow in that buy the tain book. That's where automobileos are that buy seven orugget, most people buy houses in that sort of 10 year blockades. credit cards are out there the way out of the spectrum there whatever, whatever you get, which is higher than the rate out there. if you look at the redid over it's. So as the overhead rain comes down, what's has happened in that here, is the interest rate curve is not shifted across a down curve. curve is Dverted meaning. 
It's gone from negative flow the more positive. So the tenure rate as the over the rays come down by 57 by m worth, the tang rates going up by 57 list. And I think we're gonna continue to see more of that. 
So what home orders will do is Americas are unbelievably goodades. We found that happen. You found that everyone optimize their house in. 
What Americas that you most likely do is to move down the mortgage spectrum into the shortest eration mortgage thinking gap, which will be monthly for a yearly recess, which is a horrible place for for them. It's a horrible place for home, because the they can afford to a a lot more house and the curve is very steep and they're borrowing the lowest point of the curve, but if the curve moves, all is on the afford change through the net. and that's exactly what happened in the weight that you got not would happen there, it must have aged move, it was actuallyid value where the residual value or past where no thought has to appreciate and people would b hundred percent of the value of the home and the home is no longer 100%. There's basically the either race go up or the other light has value. 
So we saw in a way outside. what I'm worried about is in this like here, people are a very short. Do you a house that doesn't? The house that you live in design income, but it has property Well, it's clearly it's clearly a operated li you are you are you're investment house that house is interesting, you look at thisural they appreciate. 
So you look as but there's a negative character. where the house is an agency, because we we argue this is the negative with all the time. So you buy house, you're paying why to maintain it all the every day, let's say they end here. You're paying your mortgage this. you paying your utility, you're paying your insurance, you're paying your real estate taxes. 
You're paying it in, you're paying and you're paying. No one ever makes money. You think they bought white all of. 
So if they they actually computed all the carrying cost of the ad, they might be different, but public fair, if you had a list somewhere else you have unit cost the list. 14 month obligation, $1800 motion to lose. cost 24,000, no property tax, no HO, no, no deb, no. maybeugs. Iugs of it.. So, so like that to me why would you set out and see the solution with the houseingorder building what's down here? 
Well, there is the solution to be it has to be redesignate. It has to be more all. We're not gonna do it by the stale and on bigger and b ones, which is what every city wants. every city wants because the bigger a lot so build one of these. you build one house and four, you have to remind that at a house., you build a bit of a house might be. 
It's much more efficient reminding.. The cities mark, and they figure, so then they allow them to have 100 units on the worker thousand units in the porture, they gonna provide the first, but the end of the day is the only way to this. and this is what the said this one. and whatever whatever height they have on building in Miam email now, you' not in half in Miami, you literallyate a 60 feet, you go times seconds. It's. 
It's talk about the text. It's the only way to build a portable housing. This is the only way to what opportunity is that created. out in 2008, all the building stopped in match, all the stopped at the 11, and then we looked at 10 years later, 2018, there was that a massive passage short, and then on the set of and.a.. 
I' popular night., you know about.. there is gonna be a.? Every one of these buildings is more. And there's a I' I'm getting a bunch of business people, business for you guys want business one?, you got you want to build a a bigice banker, you gotta go buy a piece of land. you gotta design to build, you got a contract and build a building. 
You gotta pay all this expenses 100% of those expensive expenses get paid before you get a dollar. So you pay almost suspens. Once you lease the building up, you're in buy. but there's a a big command, there's a lot you in the world that will not take quoteote completion risk. 
So the insurance the insurance companies will take a risk. Most of the investors will take the insurance. The developer is the technation. 
So there's a huge amount of power that needs to go from land purchase the four. Once you get the four occurency, these buildings created in in a different market and and people like come in and efficily manage those buildings and then there's real common scale to youvi manage buildings quickly. But the day from bing end to full occupancy, it could be years, multiple, long years. and so the return of the capital from when you buy that building to get full occupied is a bit of an un known that you don't know what the S amount years ago. 
And by the as your year gets delayed, the construction costing the steel costumeope, window cross, price up, L. It allates. Very rare does the price of a building go down while. you look out, look at it to higher, prices are, it's that's higher. I mean, look at what's going on can't handle.'t get.m just fixed. wants that, ultimately we want a 3 percent of the player, we want at least three percent leaders. like the perfect economy that we had in the first year ofump, we had a 333. 
We had three11 and 3% growth percent on the top. But if we have 3% major for years, that's wage. 30% growth, you' saying 25% of your wig is going to house. Guess what? 
How's the price is going to just mathematically, because it's just what people would be willing to spend that house. There's gonna be the mean. How it goes up in measure? 
The the argument about terrorists you like the first? I like? So not. 
I think I hate tears to start out it for one of the most important tool of the rather has in their dad. So when a present walks came to visit another he and they start negotiating about policy about relationships, the redta terrorists for the use of terrorists clearly is a bit of a deal. is no one wants to do not sellest things. Remember, our economy is massively, massively data of any. massive.. 
And our economy is based on a lot of consumion good. We consume goods, the export services, that's our call. So we never want to custom. 
So it's a no country but never comes. no other country wants it wants in the. no other country wants to do is access to. So to start with is an important. so when it present boxing with a bilater, all that and other F state, he wants to load it, he wants to load it again. It's a great. 
What is used most effectively. and here's why here's text. When you have a country or company, and I' think on science is, where they have stable enterprises on their econies, which means their cost of capital of this zero. they employ employees, but they don't need to pay a living wage because there's no mechanism in the force of data. They have no environmental trains. 
They can blute the air, they can num all their waste in the rivers behind. They're turn off. They're this, no cross the capital, no living base, no environments straight. 
You better be able. dramatically cheaper than the United States. So if you give it a human electric vehicle giant, that basic entry electrichicle China. It is about 14,000 people. 
That same car at Ford here with the cost of capital, so they can barely return, but they have a high cost of that, having the environ experience that makes sense for us less come off the production line they call us money. It just this. Do you want we force Chinese to tear up to pass dollars to they can undercut the US and US workers that 100%. 
We should that. We should again, you still buy it. and speakers like it. that market if you buy it, by the way, the government's a win there, because the car is more than 14,000, they collected 16 they collected6,000 in costing order control, so the US government did 16,000 bucks that you want pay the 30,000 extra door. So did that terror inflation, and that this is what obvious market would say, you're gonna create inflation. 
I'm like, I want to find the market for 35,000 in these Chinese. I'm the one who created place not the terror itself. That terror not place we have here. 
That's where terrorism really needs. And there's plenty of rocks in there. So, here's my basic group. 
If we produce the needs in the United States, we should make sure the territory to a non competitive price, maybe the US, hes. pretty soon, here's where is. If we don't make it interest. and we actually want to make more, we go that we need or we need it. How about we need it like a mess that we really can't do that, because we're on it we're building it. 
So, when you take a mess that we are for every day and we need it and fucking can live us. and now you wouldn't occur, you are basically creating a fun. You basically say, you can buy that for a dollar? I'm gonna put it I't put it in. 
It's not two dollars. But there's no substitution. I don't think you're not creating you're not calling a US world. 
So to me, that is terror is not helpfully behind, and you are taking thisos into the obvious system and you are not helping workers unem. What do you think your international actice? What do you think the next? 
I think the next four years, look, we're looking at tasking form in. what is that? So, I think needs gonna be a lower, like like a lower desk. likes lower access. I look, one of the big disturbminents why you know, I think is it affects more different. 
The biggest argument we have the tax work is the difference between the small business tax and the carpon tax. That spread. We spent more hours on that spread than we almost do on everything else because we never want the tax code toemize anyone in this group or anywhere in the country to change their form of ownership. 
So that's so watch them stinks. I'm not sure the corporate tax is gonna move down in the United States. It's hard work to move and carpon America is not asking for it to go down, but if it goes down, it will drag orall maybe pall. so there is it will pull the small business tax down, holding cent down with it because that spread came out and wide. and there's a lot of mem in the Senate that calculate that to there, so that that that's good news. 
So I think we will see pretty negative natural. We will see a lot of activity on the world. We will see the sunboard, and that's probably the first see the sunboard, I wouldn't be surprised that you see executive words on January 20th an hour, and how long market this, one third one third system these things? 
I Iress there are a lot of CEOs that big homes, you, I 500, who are actively looking to move manufactory, move production back to the United States, look to reon south as much as they can. The biggest problem they're now is got is the they' goingt to need people to work. So we're gonna have to figure out a legal immigration stand. 
So that that to me is something that the term is that have to get to work on or else equipping, that we bring back multiple millions of manufacturing jobs, distribution jobs, natural resource jobs that feed in these we're living need to work. You know, the biggest the thing that we don't us is we don't wanna see people trying to migrate big jobs I think got back next table and not have people to take jobs., what do you think that happens with a bonus or accelerated bonus appreciation coming back? It's coming out. 100% coming back. and ast is coming back. all the things that are on store kids and give $10,000 credit actually be on table. 
What about uh bonus appreciation of radiation for cract.. about this? player there when no one was looking. You weren't supposed to see it in, I think was there. 
I was there. what do you you say? I think it might mistake. By the way it being a boom, it aoom to be aviation thing. 
You look at your minded jobs created by aviation in this country. It's another one where there's a little thing from natural on the 11th hour, maybe nine minutes, it's the best time for something they would some sl created a bring that's. I don't know about it. 
I'm not about that far. What advice from uniess these are business owners, small entrepreneurs, want to grow, one a scale, you guys want a scale? What advice 12, you got probably gonna have more taxes less regulation, you have Trump communist who don't like,om guy that conf got self shoes, hat,els, brands, NFTs. 
That's at least sell like the sell shit and make of America salesman. What if I do. Look, I think the army is gonna get out to the a pretty good star America. 
The pent up demand to do this is there. There's the enormous amount of activity in the system, or at least the first web, 18 months. And remember that that first year to year and a half group, that first year to year and half crucial, you don't know where the house is said, it's gonna look like two years in. 
If you go back to look at every presidential and present ad, the major piece of legislation, major things he have done in year one other.he it's wealth for reform, whether it's Obamacare, whether it's access, it's under year one is the key using know what' have, everyone's wired up, they feel like the the man in the woman is there. I think is the enormous compound of corporate activity, I see, I think it's that you need banks, they cooperation. I think need a lot of pressure on banks to push money down in the system down to the small poles, be more useless friendly, be accommodated, so if someone's sitting on the an thing, they're not standing, they might grow these bankans and even, these bank bones, I think the first word for the atmosphere is the great. 
Ladies and gentlemen, you. All right, all right, all right. All right,”

