# Voice memo 1 (source duration 1:56:18) — raw transcript segment, split from combined RTF export

“. But, um I felt that, look, I I think our beaut artistic is that we all history. We have action. 
Once the election is done, we're Americans, and we need our president to be successful. we need him to move our country for, and we need to look at as a new beginning and a time of great opportunity. especially as. I mean, how the most for the right is that America? let think about where liberalism is gotten happen in Americas. 
Boston, Massachusettsep center of little power, the average household networks of a wife Boston household with 2778,000. The average household network of a black household in Boston is eight guys. eight gods, and that's famili the US Boston Federal Reserve. So what that tells you is that these liberal policies that for people further into than to public, so what's the definition of insanity in the same name and expective results? 
So, what do we have to lose, you know, blunt and I would just say it a little differently that pay is time for a different approach. And so I posted that, and said, look, in politics, we we are I do in politics just like him because a good form policy. No permanent friends, no permanent enemies, just permanent interest. 
And I think black Americans should do that, too. And uh I think we should it better opt. I think we'll get a better outcome under this. voted for stuff. it is aurd that, you know, say something else by somebody anological and a democrat party tax you for talking about the entre mentioning stuff I you something about this oper raising parties and leave reform, you that has made that hesident about, I guess. what he ask you a little bit when first we're gonna I wanna add you back in into the house.ert Trump's policies head by what Navy more, he has a house in set. 
Um, but some sure n 20% across the border, 60% of China, what do you think? Well, I don't think we can allow one foreign governments to subsidize their businesses coming into our and kill a mark. threaten people away in there, uh, uh leveling the plane field. And so I think if that's the case these governments that are doing that, and they've made it less more of economically viable for Apple to make parts for an iPhone, ship those parts over to China, have them simple China, and ship back here, and that's more cost effective than building it here. that can't have that. 
So, something has to be done. I think terrorists are a good of the approach, not long term, but short term to bring people to the bargaining table, so that we can level plans or American companies. So I support the approach, I just don't think it's a long term. 
I think it is a necessary act having met a million times. So what do you think he's gonna come with that? Is it gonna be this sort of a crossboard thing, or is it gonna be a case by case? 
using strategically? You can operate through everything I've known about him, he operates from a vision and then, um, how he act to the circleance. So I don't think he thought it to roll with. 
I think he understands that vision and his to be approach you know, as another thing. one of the things that I've just like reading about this election and in 2006 and 2020 is that you got penalized and criticized for not being successful in every endeaor being pursued as a business. All that critical came from people who never done it before their lives. that are guaranteed be successful, we will be in the darkness. reality is what is what is for man? It's a man or the woman arena, that's what counts, and so I keep this we have to get back to her country where opportunity is there and we allue our dreams, whatever they are, and not being afraid to fail because failure isn't part of being successful, and the only difference to use of my successful is somebody who fails is that when he is a successful just doesn't quit. and that's it. 
I I've had manyail. and uh, but I don't quit.. I assuming like. Well, actually, I do think in the president and I talk about this, we talk about the president elect after 2006., um and and by the way, I met with him and a big experi of theongressional by Carlress foundation for the for the 50 plus black Congress and they were theories with me too, were meeting with him, but, I mean, business and business, but I think that I think capital came application should be more broadlyied. 
A person like me a real estate developer who takes a takes a vacant piece of land, spins hundreds of millions of dollars, millions of dollars to build the development, create jobs and economic opportunity, like the people who build this building in this facility, if they sell it after they completed where they sell time as their includion, you take ordinary income tax rate of 37%. I think our tax systems has to reward, and one of the things it doesn't, is they carageers, which from call we put on, a sheet wouldn't change it, because that that your favoriteuts. lower marginal... We had okay, so that's by way,orically tax uselope, all the obation and clean the economy, you look at wild racing, and what brought the financrices of the way 80s was the 1986 past form, that raised act that reclassified every time we raised access, we push ourselves into form of procession. 
It does eventually a supply sign pushing that customer. was a period of time where putting taxes, you're engageing your tffs, it adds to the budget deficit into that. We have 35 trillion dollars of that. It's 127% of their GGB. 
Are you worried about this? Because the Marcus if you look at the 10 year model, the market start to get a little fun, I think there is so many people haven't paid a lot attention to that, and demograph are compated or you Bill Clinton was running into the office, accused at my house governor of Aransas trying to get the democratations. at the one thing about it is cut skinny, I can totally one place to do, and that's the real estate where the federal government, so right now, in Washington DC alone. I talked to President Trump about it. 
Here basically, 4 million in the office ra released to the federal government, there is another 35 millions worth if they own as we sit here today tomorrow morning, less than 25 of the federal government workforce that is to occupy the buildings is gonna show up to work. buying has allowed the government to keep paying rent on third plus million where being of office paid not use get get. That is example of weight when you not must get in there, and they start reallying down with There's it called a double? it's gonna be pretty.m telling you the way over. 
I grew up in with governments and money life is notized.agine as a business for any of you all, and you all own your business and your you're paying for four time much office space as you are you, and you continue to do it. How dumb is that? We do that across. 
I think those those cuts will reduce any. those cuts will reduce, um, no, the decit. Yeah, those are you use that we as a society can help people just help people. We have to help people can't help themselves and we have to give everybody else an opportunity and a level of playing field to go out and help themselves. give people who show up, look New York City, New York City's has been $5 billion last year on housing illegal argency. and what they did is when they came to the country illegally showed up in New York, they got a hotel room, they got a visa credit card, debit card, loaded with $1,000 every month. and they got a cell phone. 
Who wouldn't go to New York under those circ dance? And the New York taxpayers are paying for that, and that money went from New Yorkers who were and needed the money to people who were just showing up illegally and that's why Trump got 404% of New York State's gold and 48% of the vote in the box. That's amazing. and it's. business people you see how your market go? 
soon as all. and then we'll do commercializ and they push point. I look, I think that the reality is that the housing market, the values are gonna continue to hold, but you're not going to see as much volume. I think volume and activity on single family home will continue a drag, that you had a couple of things affecting into. 
That's the big issue with individual. number one, oh that slow down production and some many different areas. Two, followed by high integates made impractical, building, and then you had those of IT to processes like the threeverane lot. So don't have an increase li for, and that growate simple business behind demand. 
So tell we can get more inventory out there, then also people aren't willing to sell their homes because about 80% of the people who have a mortgage, their rates are under 5% percent. So, some people have inf rates at 3%. Why would you sell to go and buy the infeor home because they're buying powers and road is significant? 
So I think that will be a drag. So that means multifamily just get better. Multifamily, again, is supplied to screen, but more mobilelexible, that people can move in. 
So I assume principle up a mult table. I think there's an environment that coming, um to build additional mall family house. and I think that in the real estate residential space, outside sale south Florida, I think that the number one place could be is multifamine. In your reward tax wise, because it be all the asset for more than a year, a long term capital d tax for your gain. 
So,. I think a lot of new week, I mean, look, I've been verging a grant to do a week um because I think ultimately, um the one the divid of distribution through tax, the dividends, um two can allows great line power, and then ultimately in order to continue to preservatory in product, he's gonna have to start getting into my business, which is the developing side, interesting. So, in 2020, um, I remember writing a lot about a pending commercial real estate collapse, lots of dead, you know, some of the bondariism, something to be MS or with the CDSs on this were going haywire. um, but this never come. 
I mean, is this just waiting to let h a commercial real estate depression, or is it just not gonna happen? I think I thought you were right then, and I think if you're right. I think that the end of the day commercial officeilities and by the way, not all markets are the same, but commercial office buildings are a pen of arts management a seismic shift of a magnitude that has not been seen in the. 
So New York City, Washington, DC, Chicago, major city of LA, San Francisco,ownt a plump. The challenges different banks can afford just to take these losses, but if you look, every month, you give these statistics, I can use statistics, these industry statistics, that shows that half a building more. I half arillion dollars more is gone over this special services. 
So it's coming. They're waiting the banks and they're waiting for rain for even go back to work. Five this order two plus years ago for record to come back to work. 
They just ignored, I think under theump, you'll they don't come back to work, if he does what, you know, Raven did with the air traffic controls will fire them, and then you get people who want to work, you can cut the government that. I think that absent extreme reductions and grates, massive return to work, um, you know, um, off the markets are in the big trouble. and the only place where you can see a real sized shift that people going back to work will be watching in DC. That's it. Nobody else can force anybody to go back to work. 
So I think that those are gonna come, they're gonna be reining opportunities. The government's gonna have to identize, conversions of and um residential, because there's a shortage of thearties. So I I think're dead right. catalyst for the 2008 financial crisis was a collapsing mortal mortgage price, of course, because housing prices for the individual. 
Do you see this being a c catalyst or another financial prices where you're describing on commercial real estateement? Not as much because the lenders werearter, you know, they learned their lessons and bankers are terly low risk um, you know, uh, no lowers in industry. The like a normal with the umbrella, sunny day that passing them all out, the moment it the old cast one back, so they went their money back, but they were only allowed um investors in developers to level up to about 60%. 
So, equity is wiped up. There's fun. so for example, Savannah parks, they they've got a couple of office building funds. This most recent one, they brought it down to zero. 
They lost everybody's money, because the equity wip us which minee is equity by out. So the big product that these mines would have been heavily invested in real estate, they are slowly quietly giving back their properties through their lenders. They are selling them in discountates and so forth. 
So it's to equity wipe up, so most threaten the max banks, it'll threaten the intelligence, it'll be losses for investments.. I do. They already are and I I do. 
I think the bigger ones would be a kind of camouflage, they'll make money, um, you know, on the next investment, but imagine they're going to their investments and say, hey, we lost all your money here on these office until we learn how lesson and I'll give us a few billion dollars more and let us drive in. and the public employee pitches system do that and give them more money. they take it for me and give it to them, right what? I think that as he stabilizes the economy is inflation under control LO plus the real estate, dealing with means raising in financial policy that they deal with you the world. people look at some cash policies to incinize workforce housing, which is a biggest shortage. I mean, there's all thisens, especially from the R and how about the people do we rely on every day and make our city and our community work? 
They got to drive an hour and a half to get to work and back toordability. So I think he will get the workforce houseing tax credit legislation through the Congress. that would be very positive to the problem expand opportunities known, maybe come up with new price the overall was for real estate and good for the entreneur. I think you'll see opportunities for entrepreneurship, um and um, you know, his administration and he' be access to capital, very access of capital, greater access to, um, federal land. 
I think so I think we'll need very possible for the world. appreciation and stuff like that. I think so. I I he did it on, you know, with, you know, a matter of active products like that he hotelels or um, you know, airplanes and large machinery or, you know, um farming, black. 
I mean, I think, yeah, I think to or short get to different like 50 like with grey carbon is doing the crowd fuming, one put five billion directly to the producers, bypassing the hated golden sacks. I think that what Rand has done um in terms of the problem isordinary, um, the transformational. um, it is unlocked access to the best opportunities to a consumer base. You think about how real estate, if you go back, I started my career in 1979, I started a development business in 86.. doing that time period, the buyers of commercial off buildings at the hotels were generally off syndicated. 
They bought, and then they were syndicated and they syndicated to, you know, a fluent, um, you know, workers, you know, like doctors, lawyers or counts, financial advisors, you and went off across the board to almost the workforce, so it unlocked um investment optortunities were much broader aspective and um and they could hit the individual asset they invest in this European, Miami and you want to invest in somerolled homes, you could invest in this building. What happened is in 1986, tax performed that took away thereciation accelerated appreciation and the deductibility of interest. As a result of that, if the real commercial real estate market collapsed, and theinders of the banks had made all those loans of those assets collapsed, and that while we had the layies financial gr prices between 1989 and 1991 thousand in the US banks were closed, because of that. 
So, um the way the individual investors going forward had to invest in real estate work real estate investments for us, and product with the take your acid new investment in new product equity was very limited generally, like a last known plan and so forth, or liinited people with, you know, net worth for over $10 million. et cetera. So whatant did is unlocked or um the opportunity individual investor and, you know, the greatest flatteryries emulation. So now what you have is blackstone, black rock bow and all getting into the problem on YouTube. 
But I don't think that they're cut out for it. I think that uh, you know,ant is transformational, I think you can just even greater things. The whole thing about our country is we live a capitalist. 
The pill of our lot is you rest and find capital, not social capital, so we need to have opportunities for even to invest in routine Lathol great for country, and that's only other countries. And so it'sanding those opportunities, and that's, you know, my party to the left is always complained about how this wealth concentration, they created that, with these, um policies, what granted when is opening up, you know, that those opportunity to a broad perspective and it's a great business model. as we are we started, we did a couple of deals, we put it on pause and because demand is very high, and so we decided to go raise capital around that and so we're doing that with third party capital now. Um, I think where there is, where we're really excited about from our business a couple of things. 
One, we do an extensive amount of color project partnerships that how starting business on, you know, own, you know, four years ago, three eight years ago, um, because I broke in DCIs mythologics, it's been the last few years of high school working in Capitol Hill, so I understand politics well I I translated that in real estate. and so we do public products around the country builds a dollar process. where we buy land from the government and develop. So, we're now institutionalizing that business, um an investedirmary regime taking us through a series one for4As, we' excited about that, and then we were getting way to do a asid manner and business with a couple parties from blacksmith, a former part of black black rocket, and and there we are going to we were raised an office building by and buy officeilities. and uh position in and converted and then the other thing is where most most committed to terms of what I want a human being in American, is I realize that right now there is about 87 trillion currently invested capital prop. 87, and by the way, the biggest classroom investors areublicans weight pens, supposedly progressive. However, I'm at 87 or less than $13% of that money's invested firm run were owned by women and people of color combined. 
That's tremendous inequity, but w women coming from ammendous opportunity, because I don't believe that we need to provide capital to towns not to York whether and wherever they are, and so we're gonna raise a fund and we're getting ready to do that and short order. um to invest in bill and to, um in a real estate oper we don't have access gap because of the black rocks and blackones go in others have overlooking and that's why they have these figures now. I just believe this aalent that women that was talking business by my mother, so I constantly believe that women at radio account and you. Thank you., you guys doing today? 
So, guys who don't know who might name's Jared Glenn, I'm the president of uh, Grant Cardonarises, it was great a 14 years and I've gotten to say, uh, the passengers about brand is my app. I've helped build business consider what it is but watching it' watch him build the real estate business in ways. And so I had the opportunity to learn from him a lot about playing. and as our business grew and they continue to have work our business own comfort through our eosystem and go through our ownation man, if you uh you are part of the most deep for your team, you've been to a 360, you've done something with Carter adventures. raise your hand, if you've done some business education with us. 
So what happens is we work with business owners and go through our programs, and it works, and it works what happens, and they got money, and what happens when you get money? you gotta figure out what to do with and so over the last couple of years, we started getting a lot more questions. What do I do with money? 
Where do I investigate? What do I be on the stock market? What else other the real estate that I looked at? 
what do you think about life insurance? Uh, how should I set trusts in my entities out? And so this event is basically our uh it's our way to give you the solution that you in asking us where we're years. 
And so we're super, super excited about this. We wanted to make sure that we cover, you know, the big buckets of the messy, so real estate, stock market, private equity and we've got a lot of great crazy things that are happening there that we're gonna be announcing this weekend. Life insurance, giving entity settled, and everybody's favorite thing, how to pay less in taxes. 
How do you guys on taxes? So we wanted to break somebody who could come talk about this in in the general about to bring up. I bet it originally about eight years ago, he was working for his mom's accounting his miss in, and they were trying to grow and see your business in. started following a high ad started becoming like an excit part of University of the business in their business just ri explode. 
And we kind of lost touch, and about a year and a half ago, two years ago, I started seeing him everywhere. And he just his his social brain just exploded millions of view, millions of followers, YouTube and Instagram, and he's given people these hacks on what they can do as small business owners to beat the IRS. So he's the founder and CEO of tax alcheies, the number one tax strategist USA in just a few years since he watched his business, he's been able to save his clients over hundred billion dollars. 
That's money in your pocket, not the government. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Carlton Dennis. How are you doing today? 
Come on, y, I'm talking about tax. I'm gonna need some energy. talking about that be happy to save somebody. So what I'm gonna do today is I'm gonna go over the art of legal tax avoidance. 
We just wanna make sure that you guys have my presentation I so you guys can see this is gonna be absolutely amazing today. How many of you guys feel like you're currently right now and raise your hand? I feel like we' paying on your taxes. 
Go ahead and put it up in the air.. who in your legs now? I wanna see that? Okay, yeah, that's about everybody that has to end up in the air. 
And how many guys feel like you go to your CTA, you do all the things that you're supposed to be doing with them, except you still didn't up going on your taxes. You keep paying more. Does that anybody you're doing everything that you possibly can, you listen to them, but you still end up owing. 
And for some of us, we want to do these more, but we're a little bit afraid, some of us who are afraid of the IRS, we don't wanna get that knock or door, we don't wanna get that letter. So what ends up happening? We'd ended up just writing and check. 
Or forhaps your CPS told you, you've already matched out all of your deductions, so you should just be happy that you're so successful. Is that anybody's CA in the room or they tell you everybody here, hey, congratulations, you did it again. We're in the 37% tax bracket. 
Let's go ahead and write that payment. Guys, here's the truth, and I know you know that all you guys are smarting or else you would be in this room. The tax is the game. and who got master of the game they get to pay little nothing in tax. 
And unfortunately, those who sit on, they pay 30, 40, or even as high as 50% in taxes. Have you guys felt that earn before? We all have that. 
I felt it too. It is no different in sports. The Enorm Messi, Le Brondes, Tom Ray have perfected the fourthers that they are in. 
Taxes is no different, and there are some people that you guys are aware of who have affected the game just like Leonol just like LeBron, just like Tom Brady when it comes from taxes. the first game, our 47 president, Donald Trump you back in office. Haven't anyone to go to sleep? because I wanna know a bonus appreciation is coming back, and we're gonna talk a little bit more about that. 
We will talk about us. Well, you guys probably didn't know, unless until you found out on the news, is that in 2006 and 2017, Donald Trump made $750 in federal taxes. Question for the audience, did you pay more than him? 
seven people? What about Jeff? One of the biggest billionaires in the world in 2001, Jeff Bezos paid zero percent in federal income taxes, even though he was worth 18 billion dollars. 
Wow. I would it that these billionaires are figuring out how to pay less of acc. or how about our man on the GC? story. he wiped out his multi million dollars tax bill by getting one of these birds. 
And he leveraged bonus depreciation, the offset his income taxes and guess what? Now we got a few popters, we got a few toys, and he't in no one's jumpsuit. So guess what? 
There are certain people that have affected this game to the point where it looks like in March, it looks like they're doing it so easily. So we have to make a choice. either we're gonna continue to just write up the stress almost in and let them spend our money, our money the way that they see that I don't know where my money is gone really. When I send it to all, you guys know? 
Or we can wise up and get smarts and learn the art of legal taxo, just like Bezos, just like Trump, just like all the GC. So, what we're gonna do today, is we're gonna choose our camp. I one of all of you guys to make join today. and we're gonna start playing the game of taxes. 
And if you're with me, I'm gonna show you some techniques really three powerful teches today that you guys are coming right now. They're gonna help you save over for in 100% ongoing taxes I can promise you can do it, people in the room that have successity of these Australian from short. So we're gonna jump right in before we do so I just wanna quickly give you guys back on the Y am I license in old age I a little bit different than the average CTA that you guys probably run into you I did not go to school with public accounting that was not what I wanted to do. 
I went to school and play football. after I got out the football, I found out who the was and uh quickly found out that I need to figure out the system. My mother owned the tax account company. I was a blessed to be able to learn tax strategy for her, but when I realized is there was an absence of CPA or tax professional teaching how to pay less. 
There's tons of people that can follow their tax returns. Who is teaching you how to actually save the money? Luckily, I got on YouTube and was able to share that those information the strategies that I knew. 
We have the number one YouTube channel for tax strategy on the Internet. It's pretty awesome. Because I chose cash strategy over talking about tax preparation on the Internet, I started to become obsessive with other people who dragging about paying 0% in the past, too. 
These were the people because I had to look at when I was 21 and 22 years old when I gradu dog. These were the only people on the Internet that were bragging about being zero representing on taxes. At that point in time, you were not Instagram looking at ITV listening to somebody talk about their finances. 
People weren't sharing their finances back in 2006 and 2007. Other than tallright, Robertaki and R. There's the only people that were racking about paying zero vinity. 
I really likeava because he had this whole little box here where squading down to the eyalking become a professional investor where trading the time for money to investing in assets that hit your time contacting the cost of the tax. I wased about this because at the time I was an employed was looking at my mom's office I had started my business yet. It was for me to figure out how I was getting hard I was gonna get down into that side of the fast. 
I couldn't figure out is that if I totally on real estate investing first, if I focus on real estate investing the first, I can build up a portfio that can offset my earned income. That's a couple years later that I speak on stage of my, and these strategies that I teaching guys here today is part of the reason why IP 0% of income task the last three years. So, here's the first task I want to give you, and if you're writing some information on forever well, you say some of, he knows that I'm sure for you. 
The first step towards the master the art of legal passive ways is you have to learn the game of rant real estate loss, or regines. In Or the master arts of legal tax movies, have to understand the gain of real estate losses. Real estate investors have the best ass breaks, and I know you guys are aware of that. 
But as business songs we get to take deductions, too, but the sad part is that there's only so manyagons and cars that we over 6,000 pounds of the box. So they are the text reice and you have a million dollar tax bill and I told you, hey, this is Johnson wants to go by 10angerovers, you're not gonna want to do that as an art of your tax plan. But if I told you, Mr. Johnson, we can invest in real estate and creative paper loss, it off seted up $1 million that's coming over on a K one, you're gonna you're gonna fuck up, you're gonna cure. 
Hold on a second, how does that work? The reason why we estate is so howful is because you make a right off the entire cost of the building that the body, even though you're taking out a lage, even though there're using other people's money to close as well. And that' to me, why I believe it is the real estate, we're getting a right off for the entire buildings of map. 
Let's just put that into perspective. If I'm writing off an entire building, I'm most likely gonna end up having aoss on attaching returns even though on cashable closage in the United States on and avert and investment property sits at a 6,000 to $8,000 paper loss, even though the investor isashville Austin. How is that? 
Because the I allow them to to appreciateate on entire building amount. Now, some of us that are in the room, having best in Robert' Richard Man if the own real estate, Rayanna? Awesome. 
How many of you guys would wanna wait one of seven and a half years? to write off our entire investment model. And you, you got you guys thinkand wants the way 27 now years. 
I mean you guys have meos most weight 27 half years. you passed on the 27 and a half years. So let's sav real estate investors do as they look towards this stragy called the costation stri? It's very simple, I explain it to all of these guys. 
The cost separation is that is a strategy that savvy taxayers utilize to a celebrate appreciation. How do I buy a car that weighs over 6,000 pounds on the government lets you use IRC 179 and you can write off the whole car in one year 60% 100% bonus appreciation that, right? Saveing with real estate. with real estate, the strategy is not one se non. 
The strategy is cost everythingation. I wanna get the cost of all the components that make up my investment property, and I want to segregate all of the different structural and nonstructural components, so I can write them off in a quickeromon. boosting my paper walls on my task. The cost segregation that will allow for you to do this, that allows for you to runload your appreciation. and we're gonna talk about what happens when you decide to frontload your depreciation. 
When I invest in real estate, I know that before the property gets fully built, there's this structure. There's the wood and the congrete. That is considered structural components, roof, stairs, steel, elevators foundations. 
Those items guides are gonna last about 27 half years no matter what we do, sorry. IRS isn't gonna let us accelerate atom amounts. Well, what the IRS will let us accelerate is the nonstructural component. 
The firm the furniture, the light nature, the custom cate be appliances, the landscape theartment, all of these components have useful life and the IRS is giving them enough based on what they are. If there are quiances, you can write them off in five yearsal, as opposed to 27 and half years. If you have furniture, you can write that out in five years as opposed to 27 and half years, if you have custom capitalaltry, appliances, landscaping, you can write us all in seven or 50 years as opposed to 27 years. 
So performing the costgregation study is a study on your investment property to segregate structural and nonstructural component. Agreed? Okay. 
Now, let's break out an example, we mod a property here in Miami and Florida. and the propertyert is a million dollars. and let's just say that the land value because land is not appreciable, I repeat, land is not depreciable. The land value is hundred thousand, okay, so we got a million our property, lands 100 dollars. So what we actually get to utilize for depreciation is the building structure or IS wall that addition. 
That's the other 900 pay. Let's look at what has been done for this costations stuff. We have600,000 of structural components of structural components being that items that happened here of after. 
And then we have 300,000 a nonstruction compon, 150 of it allocated to buy your property, 100,000 alligated to seven year property and 50,000 allocated to 15 year properties. Now,onus depreciation this year is that what present guys right now 60%. So when you perform a cost every case is going on a million dollar property at 60 b depreciation, your either one tax right off. 
It's 201,880. Question for the audience, I'm buying a property as an investcent property. What's the average percentage of down that I might have to? 
about? So, you mean to tell me that my down payment that I'm looking into investment puppy is almost all the entirely company that me in the world of the tax right off, the answer is yes. This is the game that the real dogs are playing in the room that I want everybody in the room playing. 
It's the game of rental ballses, because if I'm putting $200,000 of my own money into an investment property, I don't wanna lose that money. I want to calculate somewhere safe in a hard asset like real estate that I touch physically, a simultaneously, I wanna get a benefit for investment in real estate. And now benefit of 2001,000 is my entire down human an in a year one tax rout. 
This is the game of outdoor stap. It's working. we have to talk about how you can actually take these balles, because some of us haveacid in on, and those have active because you have active income and have a business orLC, you name it, you have that is done. I mean, you guys also sound haveacid. 
Okay, cool. So we have two ways that we can play the game on rental Walls this year. We can go down door number one, which is as a fast investor, and let me tell you guys, I love investing in real estate basketball, because if we can go ahead and say that, but here's what happens when we invest in real estate passes. when we invest in real estate passively, we limited funders. which is cool. 
We can have a nice operator to run the entire real estate operation you'll raise the capital for us, manage that you'll make the improvements on the field that issue our our pay once. they'll also issue out our cash flow. It's pretty and all. We still get depreciation when we invest as passive investments, which is amazing, right. 
But on that came one, what I love I see that K one because I get my K1 part of capital every single year. What I love all that K one is I never pay any taxes. I always have this depreciation laws. 
And that is because the deal that I am in when I am less passage creat such a deep depreciation production that I will pay 80 taxes on the cash flow thatones over to me from being in a passive deal. That is why investing in real estate passively, especially in syndications, is so phenomenal, but if you have active income you offset the losses that are passes against your active income, yes or no. And okay, so now we have to look at. door numbers was going down in door being inactive investment. just so I know, does anybody here active investor right now already? 
We guys yes, you? Okay, cool. we have a packive professor, if you has an investor, the IRS created this role back in 1987, wrong rating implemented the passive activityity law schools when he was essentially doing was he was trying to prevent us from being able to invest in real estate passively and then offerging like hold on a second.old on. There's too many people that are just investing in real estate and not paying any taxes. 
Why is this happening? So the government did a consistus audit in 1986, and found out that taxpayers who were earning over $250,000 does two income were paying less than 15% in federal income taxes 10% of them. The passive activity law schools came shortly after that, and this meant that we have now all as we say profession. 
How many you guys have heard of the concept of real estate professionalole? It sounds like we would have to have some type of qualification of rental property with a certain level of experience, but it has nothing to do with that. What a real estate professional is is just somebody that can be believed to almost am not use yet. prove to Uncle Sam that you spend $750 hours in a wal operation in which you maturely participate, and that you spend more time in your rental activities than any other activities in the company. 
Now, for many taxpayers, it's very hard all as real estate professional if they have a whole time job.. How do you understand more time in real estate in your job? This is when sometimes we will look to this task. 
Maybe there's a spouse that's hasn't returned to work yet. I mean, sometimes we have mothers or sometimes we have husbands that are working from home, but they're working part time. in this situation, we can try to qualify the husband or try to all about all that quiet, as even as a professional and now are able to use depreciation losses to offset her after forms of 1099 income War W28ome. But what about the short term principal? 
Have you guys seen the short term rental loophole going around on the Internet like wildfire? This is the one year in strategy I love to utilize. You know what? 
Because many taxpayers have vacation homes or secondary homes that are not utilizing, and underneath that same tax code that long rated implemented back in 1986, he identified what a short term rental was even though AirbMb wasn't here yet was it? What we learned back in 1886 is that Ronald Reagan huge short term rentals as hotels and motels and what he said is that you have tennis that stayed a property on a transient basis, which is seven days with us, then it's not considered a passive investment. It's an active investment. 
And you don't have to qualify as a real estate profession. you just have to spend 100 hours managing that property between now and the end of the year. Now, I don't know about many of you guys. but 100 hours? I mean, geez, we can get that done in the box few weeks. to be able to benefit from a past segregation study, we' require you to have two separate tenets staying in your body and we now in December 31st and order for you to have that property account as a short term rental. 
And then in 20225, you can convert that property back to the secondary home that it was or into a long term rental or whatever you choose. This is how you can sneak in a segregation study between now and the year that you happen to have a property. what if we wanted to invest in syndications on the passive side? and we have a few of these other rentals on the active side, but we want to use depreciation from everything to create a loss that can ask that our active forms of income. 
Would you guys like me to show you how we can do this? What if we can invest in hard on capital passively and still be able to make thereciation active against our active forms of being, would you guys be interested in see how comput? Okay, so underneath that same task remind you guys who our president was at that time was wrong right. 
I need that passion. For 69, there's an election that Ronald Reagan left. all this dash nine election. Okay? 
You can screenshot as 12. what this means to you is as a taxpayer, you normally would have to spend 750 managing one property or 750 hours managing the next property in order for the IRSual real estate property active. Nobody has that. So what we can look to do is make including the election, all they gash nine approving election. 
Whereas the taxpayer, you canoof your limited, harder interest in with your other investments that you have, making your entire interest active. Now my investments in our own capital, I could take itreciation against my escortporation flowering when that comes on my table one. Now my properties that I have in Tucson, Arizona and Deerrill Beach, I can run across aggation status on those properties and create Aprilable and be able to offset my act for in time. 
The dash nine grouping election is not really something that your CPA may bring up while you're crowding your tax returns isn't. So this is where we just taxare have to go outside of the CPA office to get additional information around stragy that can help position ourselves to reduce our overall pass. The dashtime grouping election is absolutely one of the most powerful ways that you will be able to off your taxes with your real estate portfolio. 
Now, the step that I want to make sure that we covered today here and probably one of the most important aspects of this entire presentation. is leverageing the full power in section 162, and I promise this would be the last pass code I ID in uniorhood today. But code section 162A arguably arguably the task code that changed my eyes. What code section one is to a states is that a business owner, all of you would make a business got. 
If the expenses are ordinary in nature, necessary in nature and reasonable in nature to the business owner in the pursuit of income. The reason why this is so outful is because a lot of the taxpayers would love it if I had a list for you in the math room, I love a little right offset and you and your business guer. Wouldn't that be amazing for all to give a list of all the things that I do system take on an HA sales, like I just want leave HA strategy. 
It's a problem I'm doing real I real estate ag, I just want real estate ag strategies. Would't that be an amazing? It would be awesome. 
Unfortunately, IRS doesn't have a list group, but what they did give in is c section one web. and he who wields the power of code section 162A can offset their taxes and convert every day expenses that wooding business expenses. agent business rivals. You guys understand that grandardon that bottom is, um his death, the bullstream and he put his logo on it below you guys probably did it know, is Grant has a sp spend time on that jet right before the end of the year, where's right it off the plane. He called a bowst room, he went around his aacon, called up bullst room, wired them check. 
They delivered the jet, and while many of us were getting ready for Christmas and my Christmas gift, he was taking time to go out on that jet and ran business lines out on that jet. It was terrible. He had to do that because he knew Cession was his situation, I have to link this expense to the pursuit of income. 
What am I gonna do? Just buy a at the last two three weeks in the year and just let us sit? No, I have to use it and I have to link it to the pursuit of income. 
And all of us here today would love to have a list of things that we can just write off with it. But unfortunately, you have to leave your extensis to your business under co section 162A in the master best. Now, I said this earlier that Rand went around his accountant. 
I want to leave you guys here with this last message. There is truly a difference between tax accountants and tax professions, all there is truly big difference between tax accounts and taxress. Most of us in the room aiatedosser tax returns, yes, by show against. 
Okay. Nor CA is most likely theaconerted by the common economy. They went to school to learn how to account for everything that goes into their tax returns with a li amount of the states awful. 
A tax profession tried to all U all day just out to return the task code and fav. and we tell youever the tax code before you go in your his office, like everybody else with a p hol does about the tax return. We home before to go in. Now, the reason why Gramming around this tacon is because of this, he had a huge taxbook that he didn not want to pay. 
He called the person that he would expect to have the answer. You know what the person told him? Rand nothing else we can do. 
What do you think, G? what do you think GC said? There's always something we can do. 
Am I right? There is always something we knew. And even he has a background attack guys, but it're not. 
He has an accounting background. He has a little old round, his accountant studied appreciations, why are the check intate that right off on the statue? I'm wondering where that accountant is today. or what I was saying is is that his understanding of the tax code in was possible allowed for him to make a choice. 
He chose his hand that's why he gets some the tax benefits that he has today because his state. Many of the other people the audience best have a CBA. I know you do. 
CAs are not trained in tax rabbity. I have 24 CAs that work on Chinese. I have 18 tax provisions. 
These people don't speak the same language like people in the completely different parts of the office. They don't speak in the same language by mass accounts are all Jackson County, and they do the whole bookboard thing, and they want to buy the tax return, and I wanna talk to humans. And then my class profession was over here like in law of what's going on, they don't get it, let's explain it again and again and again there is a difference between hiring a taskcom versus hiring a tax profession, a tax account is just the process of doing availableable. okay? 
So when you guys don't calls in on CDA in my family for many years, I did my dad's taxes. you love her tax account because of the work he does. That's okay. It's okay to keep your tax accounted and they do great accounting work. 
But is your CPA doing tax strategy board are you signing and engagement agreement that says, I'm just finding my returns or are you signing an invasion that says, I'm also simultaneously half. You have to ask yourself that. ask strategy is the process of leverage, powerful tax rel like IRC 179 code section 162A bonusreciation, cost segregation study, and you're typically doing this before like enrolled agents, not all CDAs in tax strategy and you'll see more enrolled agents will do tax strategy. And that's because EA's study tax loss in order to pass their tax. 
CA study taxicology to pass their tax money. Now, here is how tax strategies performed. We're gonna go over the exact process of tax strategies perform, and if you guys are interested in getting some help around tax strategy, you guys you be able to visit the exper outside and discuss how you guys get some tax strategy between now and the end of the year. 
If you guys to understand this processor none of us are gonna be able to do tax fund between now and December 31st, and yes, I said December 31st why? Because you only have until December 31st the figure out to Taxville. For many of us, we've been waiting to have that conversation with our CDA and February of March and April. 
The year is already. Any that you want to do to reduce your taxil have already been not. It's like watching it's like watchingape with Tomady. 
We're just sitting back, watching like, what had happened in this football game we gotta go prepare for the next season. So, do you guys wanna save some money, you're gonna go ahead and do tax planning between now and the end of the year. There's six steps toribute actually step number one. 
You gotta get ord. A task professional like me cannot help you if you are not organized. Well, then explain to me what organized means. um so today is what I remember what you the heat per, you have a book he going all the way back to February is when you have your last PNL process. 
We're here in November, but there's task players that are sitting on there right now that may not have their bookkeeping all throughout all the out up to November. It's extremely hard to check out on the and help you say money on taxes. If we don't know for the numbers the tax professional like we can't figure out what you're gonna owe in taxes, that you're not working. 
Well, before we jump into figuring out those strategies we're not doing or how much real estate we need to buy between now and end of the year, or whatship and strategies were to be able to do like places your children on paper. We first should review your prior tax returns. I mean, you wouldn't be really weird that you walked into a doctor's office and the doctor just sat you down, put his hands up to your neck, and said, sounds like you need a monster sil. prettya, you're not gonna look at my height and my weight, my blood pressure, my medical history at all. 
Your task professional needs to live in your prior tax refs that file, not just to live for mistakes, but also because the Iris issued three years to go backwards to reodact. If you have missed opportunities3erm, yes, you can open them up and refild them for a. saving 2022, same name 2021 question, as your tax professional look under the your tax returns and you figure out the opportun you say, if you have. This is where we're gonna have to do a financial audit between now and the end of the year. 
Now, after we look at your priorerrence, someone needs to assess your current situation. this doesn't happen just on your pass returns by the way. When someone is assessing your situation, you're trying to figure out, what is your vision? Are you getting married next year so we're going to a single status and marry well enjoying, the lead years of the move away from somebody? 
That's not the case, are you planning to move out of a high state like California to a no tax state, like Florida, are you planning on bringing on target or cost you wanna have an exit strategy where you wanna exit your business will the next five years? someone asked to assess your situation. This is a conversation that has to happen right now. 
And once that person understands your vision, they rules your income up to today's date, they projected out what you're gonna o or what you would proceed back Marine one if anything. Now it only now are they in a place where they can help you in the right. That was the only time they can do this. 
Someone has to look at their prior returns project out her income for this year 2024 the six weeks drive up to the year. F out what your goals and visions are, whether or not you even believe in retirement accounts of war one days and we shouldn't recommended any of those types of strategies. And what we can do with the time that we have left in the here, for some of us that might be setting on the private family foundation because the IRS will allow for the roll over 30% of your adjust gring card, each your own private family foundation and know you don't have to give all the money away. 
For some of us, I can look at setting up a corporation that's not on the same visal viewer restful operating as a management company so you can shift income outside of yourS cor into an off your sequel corporation that doesn't allow tax returns in the same year dress school. Some of you guys are gonna be doing cost aggregation studies on secondary home because you have a secondary home that you didn't know that you could utilize as a short term rental and we're gonna perform a cost set on. Some of you guys manage your own investment properties and hadn thought about the process of setting up your own management company and try to place your children underneath the management company so they didn't help manage the investment properties. 
Each one of them will have a separate task plan because each one of them has a separate family dynamic with a separate situation. And that's why I actually so continue the conversation with that exact same specialists, he understands your income and businesses like awesomenosis, and you two are working together to figure out how to offset taxes are making my decisions, as you're flying to Florida for this event, as you're thinking about bringing somebody who's not on your business with you, you need your coach on your de. The task man is, myring so long How you guys like that?? 
So, do you guys have a business that doing a million dollars a year of work, we can only probably handle 30 or 40 clients before the end of the year, but if you're interested in having us table at your situation and weens together a plan for you, go to the car andent, and just say, I'm interested in you guys do an attachategy for me and they talk about it, uh, we group. So, as some of you may or may not know, uh, I've been with me for a very long time, 14 years now, uh, since the very beginning, before part of capital, before all this, or social media, uh, startup and I came to work with the company that we had three employees, and I was made $25,00 bucks a month. I moved to LA and wave for my family and friends, uh sle on an air mattress for the first two years that I worked for them. so that was one. 
And I spent producing revenue, and started theating in, and I got to the point where I had 100,000 save you about six months to get a hundred grand saved up. and I was like, terrified, because I was like, what do I do with this money? My parents never taught me, and I don't even think they had a hundred grand in the bank. I haven't nothing about them. 
And so I said, Grant, what do I do with this money? And he goes, give it to me. I was likeMan, I don't know you like that yet. 
But I did, I trusted it and I just said, I'm gonna write you and check for a hundred grand and cleaned out my entire account except for like $3000 bucks, and he put it into a real estate deal, the only people that were investing with at the time were his sisters, uh Elena's mom, his brother, it was likean Ham. So I invested with him and about eight months later, uh you know, I was getting $500 on checks. So that first $500 checks showed up, and I was like, I don't know if this is a good trade. 
You't make the right decision here? And he's like, dude, it just it's a get rich for a sure game, it's not a good rich quick game. So I started getting these checks every month and uh, you know, seven, nine months later, he comes to me and he gives me a check for 40 grand. 
And I was like, what's this for? And he goes, that feel we bought, he improved it, and uh, I went back to the bank in the gave loan on it and so he get this forty grand back. And I'm like, what do I do with this? 
He goes, you know whatever you want? He said, but you don't you're not gonna pay taxes on it. I said, what? 
no taxes. And that was the moment that I was like real estate's magic, so I end up smart until what said, but I gave him that 40 grand plus another hundred, that same deal I put 140 grand into, about nine months, 12 months later, he you check back for 90 grand. I'm like, what happened? 
He said, we did it again. Don't pay tax on that money, and if you're smart, we'll put it in this next deal. And so I've been investating for the last 12 years, uh that I've been making any kind of money with and I put all my money in his deals on over four and a half million dollars invested within to generate. 
I made more money and passive income now than I was making an entire year when it started with him. and this guy has shown me what my parents could or my family could, what my friends could. this guy showed me the way to old true wealth and his through real estate. This guy's got five billion dollars in real estate, raised a billion, five from everyday investors like you and me showing us the way to create financial freedom. $14,000 families rely on him to manage and operate his fourfolio and send out checks every month. He is the man. 
He is the king, the true king of apartments. give it up for Mr. Grantardell., let's go.. We're in the front process of partership where we canrive on the half education, information, deals for everybody and and I wrote uh, uh President Trump and the Harris administration making months ago and the letter that I administered. look, we need't provide all education to all America, we keep giving people money do the, give you access to them, you can give them deduction, but if they don't know how you do you don't know what do whether they' maxim it will not matter. This there that means they justult in this country are spend time gift down decending the time people information of this premium just put in give a moment. is that no, I want bro. 
I could tell that. I feel like I'm pretty decent, right? Okay, so, uh you you can you can Carlton showed you there's a way to play the game, right? 
Now, the question is, are you guys committed to the game. You're you're your biggest expense, your two biggest expenses. while you make money other days, you guys I sit you already work. your biggest expense is the IS, the state, and what. Or the the deflation of the value of the dollar. 
Actually, it's not you shouldn't say the values of the dollar being the valued it's not being the value because it's still up to $100 on it. So they're not changing theation of way. you were selling a product service and it was going down and out, you every day, the FTC would require you to do full disclosure that the value of your product the munishing overtime. Everybody agree with that? 
Okay, $100 it was printed in 1958, since they $10 that's what it was really worth. If it's instead of says in God, we trust, trust in, most you guys go for them, I' like, okay, Gods I be that. So much, the IRS is gonna charge you in in probably close to 40 years. 
If you making a million dollars a year of seven billion dollars a year of net, HTI, adjusting gross income after your expenses, your income payment then, you has some expenses, something exemptions, everybody should be doing that exemptions, you do not need nine kids, but make non exemptions, you literally just take all the exceptions. Okay? That way they go withholding as much from you, you understand? 
I don't need nine children. I just need to claim nonexemption. Now they take less taxes from it, in the year, I I get a a small refund because they work sick month. 
What I'm trying to do is get this down, first thing you guys gotta do is make a commitment to get them your state of California is with the four percent. So you're at 40% on theome if you making a million dollars a year. You're 14,4 the state and then your dollars lose in 20 percent of its value. every four years. 
The guy, you guys think the better glasses a place to do? That's what it looks like. The guy you made a hundred? 
is a hundred percent came in. This is every year or this is every this is every year. party, 14 and 25. What do you have that here? 
15 79%, you left of 21 percent. Do you understand why you're not getting here? You gotta live you gotta you have toamp. you have to made marketgage you does you might earn five percent of the bank, but that's tax you know you tack your tax when you earn it, your tax can will save it, your tax when you're spend it. 
The person that you spend it with is tax the immune. give it to your children, your taxing, pass it on to your like literally you guy your tax you guys are like, well people have to make taxes. nobody in this room should. be like, you proud about not being Texas? I am so crasping. I am I know part of the I the RS. politics. 
Fuck Iris never anything from a band I gotten anything from the hospitalitals, the college, they don't that stuff. They do not the states and don't put the roads, the bridges, the hospitals, the policemen and the ar don't be confused. property taxes do that. Okay, the federal government's funding projects all over this planet that have nothing to do with us. 
Most of it, by the way it worked for us. So I don't want to be participate in that, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna play this game, okay? I'm gonna find an ass I'm gonna find an asset that allows me because I can't have to you know, Itimate the comment about me, you got a Gene wagon or aangero, or anything over about 55,500 pounds. 
Wal still the. This is 6,000 pounds? This has gotta be six guys. 
Is that right? So somebody somebodyack around and said, we're gonna give a tax ride off, what should it six thousand pounds? He said, archer three dollars.. 
So, when I saw the tax it, I like a ship weigh six thousand pounds. so so it's an o Ferrari, I don't have a Ferrari, I don't have a land. you know? I don't have one of thoseask arts superars. You know what? 
I don't have a car bed, I don't have a Camaro, but I have none of that shit. It didn't goigh 6,000 pounds die. I buy to write off. 
What happened? I get a break. I'm committed to my will. 
This is the first part of the will, if you happen to be committed to your well, which are the biggestense? It is not food, flowing children, it is the RS. You guys don't like we have toize. 
Me living in a state of California, I left left there. So, I figure out, what I buy, what can I invest in, if I invest in a stock, do I get up in do not? No, I don't. bye bye, go. 
I ended up? No, if I buy sober, do I get anroduction? If I put my money in a mutual, do I get an introduction? 
No, I do not. I put my money in a 401k or Roth or an RA. I could have beenuction to the No, I avoid paying taxes on that today. 
But I don't get a deduction. I'm looking for a duction right? I'm looking to get this 40% that they with it. 
Robert Shield's had an AGI actuallycept million dollars. He lives in Texas. Seven million dollars he's in have 2.8 million dollars in federal taxes. 
Is that that right? Probably? work? 
What do you think about? This isn't property taxes, by the way. It's pay property and taxes did by he's paying sales taxes, car taxes, insurers taxes, everything he' spent money on taxes, he's paying his fear. 
I paying $40 million last year Robert taxes. Am I doing that more?, where I pay profit taxes. Where I own? 
I didn't pay any property taxes in DC. I don't own property in DC. If I own property in DC, I pay taxes it. Our investor are paying or contributing to the property taxes that on billion dollars for property taxes. or taxes in $5 billion is being going out at where we contest property or we're supporting the local. I have I have a building right here now. 
We support amateur. Mrs. Aatur. We support ad. 
I do not support O McDonald and the. Isre not doing anything? Let me do nothing, but I keep my money, let me invest. 
I want to maximize and I money. So Roberts got an AGI, an AGI was pack. Maybe he made $60 million in his business and $9 million in expenses and walks away with that. 
Somewhere 2.8 million or about 40% of that, maybe a little more than that, more or less. He's gonna have to write a check at the in the year 2.8 million, less whatever they withheld from him. they won't even trust him. How many you have a withheld it because they don't trust. every quarter they withheold, you don't withhold it, they penalize it. 
If you mess this up, they penalize, okay? Every? spend miss out at all? 
How many of you just stop that Robert has to pay that? Like there two of you guys get up, he has to pay it and don't wait until you have to pay it, but like. And if I go look it out the computer, I have taxes. 
The Robert has to pay taxes. So what what what is what does he do? So we can literally take, okay? 
He's got a business as already well. What do you have the best move? How much do you have invested? 
is it oh, five? You're not Yeah, it's not. So, so what I'm trying to do is get this, what am I trying to do with this to one million? 
Because you guys need just go back, G Maxs. can't go back in right. You're gonna have 10 rainrokes out there that you got any shirt. right? You can't keep my jets. 
You can you can do a jet once or three years or something, and then you're looking like, what I I gotta keep fuel, I got shelter and I gotta hanger it. I gotta have pots score and I got an insured like, you don't think that you're gonna go out by a ghost screen every time you got a tax on. That's been terrible idea. 
So what what could I buy because it needs to fund itself? right? I can't do stops just go down the list. 
Can't you stop're going my good to be. I don't get an appreciation. I'm trying this, right now, I'm trying to get rid of this, okay?? 
First thing, I want an income. second thing I wanna do, I wanna reduce my expens. if you I wanna do is got money left or driving gas. So what could he you need money to do this? You gotta have money? 
You don't have money canidates. So, the first thing is earn income, you have to keep your income. I gotta get my income of all way to the number one thing is I gotta have income, keep my cost of living down, invest in assets, not bracelets. 
I can't write off the watch. But what can I? And then you this is how I been real estate, and that's what I're talking about right now, okay? 
And I thought it was perfect after after Carlton show you I buy a hotel or an office they are an apartment room. I really don't care which one, which one I I't about one is the best for me and requires a place amount of kind of energy. Okay? 
The hotel comes to break right off and a lot of problems. Now I got big Marriott Weston Hyatt right. I'm in the hotel just on a business. 
I'm having served well. I got a lot of staff, I probably got a officeope. come with very little depreciation model and tremendous amount of that I' seen a lot of people losing hotel or losing money on hotels, because a hotel costs central minutes and amount of money to improve. This little beast right here, industrial, we got industrial, littleid cove industrial, warehousees, empty buildings. 
They don't come with a lot of rightouts, because they're basically empty buildings, but they're restaurants like that. This one right here is a beast, it's a part of us, okay? provides housing, and provides income, it provides tremendous appreciation, Carlton children at rap, refrigerator, oven, of Edwards, roofs, and gutters, all that stuff can be depreciated. 
And so what we do remember this two8 million. That's what we're running and rid of the, right? guys? 
I'm about a three00 I'm about a 1220 million dollar building right now. $120 million building. I can buy that building, okay, because it'out point I running a month, one of them maybe, but I can't buy three, four, five, six, seven, 42 My bull hundreds of these. So, every time I buy one of these, this building a typicallyomes to all uh, about quarter percent, 40 in this case, 48 million worth of tax by less. 
I take $120 million to worth of money cash, which is doable. Going down, like with this money at this money right here. I't gonna have it or I have friends at that. 
So save this whole room bought this one go. I could have just kept the money. I could have just told you guys., just give me 1220 million, we'll get hundred0 people to give you a million dollars an out this whole run. 
What's the problem with that? it's gonna go down the volume. 40 years, 1209 four years after that's been about 72 million. Four years after that's about 60 million. 
This is not gonna stop. How many were50 yet? How many are one58 or I come there might be your money lost that needs 50% of this valueues. 
If you were one after 2, I'm sorry of a 14,000, you plus 50% of the value of that dollar. Hey, you converted that money, okay? And anything, you almost anything hard go siloin, you would explore the Bitcoin. 
Any they cannot be printed scale or build, maybe a house. The problem is, most of these bill do wonderful cash car. You have to find something that's an a page you can sit in it. 
You understand? Because you want what you wanna do is if you wanted to figure about the second income, Robert should not just go for reducing his tax bill. the that is what the world would be I'm gonna reduce my tax bill, and I'm going to get a second passive income. without earning income. The best money in the world has not earned. 
It's pastive. You follow, I' I trade time for money, I go to the marketplace, and I trade time for money, so I give me a million dollars to do so. Or I earn a million dollars in income, but I took a million dollars in investment which one of these do you guys like most? 
No, the answer is both. the one you want is both, I wanna be earning them, because I I do wanna be a productive member of society. I want all work. I want exchange with people, I' my. 
I' the love work. I just want to work on this stuff. and the other one is, hey, I is over here to work. This is what all the world. is never st than you. 
An appleuter color. Last year, last year, look up the side of the salary about Cocaola CO Coca, and fit in bucks. The salary of the gad works and runsocola every day next 50 to 50 million dollars. 
War runs makes 600 million. total comp was $25 million.uck probably 500 million when he's never done a liard. Who' you guys want to make worker, the CEO or you one million invest? You got become?. 
I'm gonna try toipe out this8 million dollar bill. If you could buy that number, my .4 I think that's gonna give me there. I'm trying to figure out what Robert Keith and best. to wipe that bill up to and about about a point for seven million with that $7 million that? 
I'm send that's not gonna do it. It's not gonna quite get there, but it's gonna give you, it might be inter actually, but if these are professional real estate investor and takes Carlton's advice, I'm gonna get about 2.8 million of that. as a loss in year one. and a $7 million in just invested is gonna earn in $350,000 bucks. So he's earning $30,000 a month to get a right off. 
His tax bill, if I'm doing a that right, okay, this is not tax advice, I'. But if I' doing that if this is right, I close to right, it's 2.8 million tax bill. We can be at $2.8 million in, but I'm gonna give them a tax right off at the end of the year 2.8 million and his new taxability zero is a professional Northate invest. or some his household is a professional real estate trust. 
And the better part of that stories is now earning 30,000 a month, for passive and gone, and that asset is sitting there and as we more money by the way, Anthony was talking to Charlie this morning about, why isitcoin gone up so much in the last 50 or 60 days? As we continue to print money as China prints money, as Mexico prints money is Canada print money. as we continue to print money and companies like Microsoft store up and save your money and it has no way to with the value that money. It down. 
How about the box? How about the state of Pennsylvania that has cash or the state of California that has a surplus, or Florida that has a surplus? With more and more of these governments wake up and say, where we put in this money? 
we're already investing in real estate, they're gonna start taking that money and they're gonna start buyitcoin rather than cash because they realize they realized the money's die. okay? The point is what, you guys have a big asset. You wanna get you gotta pick one, two, and three we asset classes and go hard up. 
Don't be in 300 asset classes. The diversification thing has been sold to the public to make Wall Street ri. You're diversified, average world1 pet it's got a million dollars in it will be invested in $150 stocks. 
Then you have a million dollars, and you have a long chance of down that money you grow and you not want to be anonym stocks or 50 stocks. or even 25 stocks, they have you to get rich of this planet hard in one or two or three. How many investments Elon Mus? X' X. Tesla. boring. 
Scarlet.ure, he runs ball forrosov and he has no other residence. And it was that could go on his bounds, she could he does my cash. How many houses does he have? 
this guy flow and got plenty of friends staying at my love. house else's. better than somebody else's the president's house. writing. trying to get rid of this and the guys were $300 bill and you guys are worried about keeping in your house. Your properties are screwed up,ugs. No, fans. 
Steve jobs out of one home and go life warm up at own one one house is the entire life.. Steve Jobs had two stocks. warmed up and made all this money and one stock. He had so much money paid off that one stock guy though that he had to buy a seven stock. and then he ended up with a major position and the government wouldn't let him buy any more of that stocks so he advisor stock. 
The next day, was a major positions, he taps out that position, you're walking into the casino called Wall Street, and you're making 100 beds. If you walk into the M brand or you walked in anide bed, and you walked into Wind hotel or any of these casinos, the hard rock casino, and you put a bed on a hundred tables, and how many bets will you lose? If you gonna lose most them? 
okay? There's a whale in the rivers. one good player in the room that is gonna make money in that casina, and they limit his bets. Why don't they have a limit on that table? 
Because they know that that one will they crack the entire cino, where they' big enough set. But a bunch of little players cannot crack the cina, you understand? So my suggestion to you by somebody or in yield that you can investment. 
They can reduce your tax. When I buy something that has got, that's got hundred million and activate40 million right off of the federal government and I still on asset that's worth a hundred billion. And that asset pays me $5 billion dollars a year to own that asset, I'm earning five. 
I pay for it, I get a deduction. I'm basically in the deal at 60, I'm earning five million a year to keep it in the rents are gonna go up. How many believe rents will go up to the next decade. 
In the decade after that, what you think they're gonna do? In the decade after that. What do you think the rents of thisonsibility in about if there are two rents that what do you think they'll be in in, what do mean? 
What 24, 34, 44? What do you think they're there two50? What do you think the rent would be American? 
Just write a number now. averageverage rent today is about $2000. in America. This is average rent thous where the not a great view probably not looking at the water. It's not brand new, I'll just give you a little hint. 
They're about $6,000 in Northern California, soon Valley, or 5,700 bucks in New York City. Okay, one bedroomeran in 24 years when you're ready to repire, what do you think of rents in America? Say? 
$7500 I got a 75 anybody put down more than 75 let down. What't you put it down sir? $12,000 How did you been a Sydney Australia, London, or or Singapore? 
I could I could turn you $12,000 week. Where is my inseive? Ron? 
What is your right now? today, $11,000. He 11,000 a month get this mand 11 minutes he think he still in the property in still. 
Why is it still one? Is the condo's worth over $3 million in it would cost me $25 grand per month to to to rent it or to own it? own it? 
HB insurance, by the way the insurance has exploded in this battery. Okay? you're having people. my brother, my brother's in Saint his insurance, 5,800 bucks a year, they want $19,000 in Europe for insurance. 
So it went up almost four times. What are you get it out pay your insurance? If you don't pay your insurance, you can't get your market. right? 
So now I'm not telling you that because it's money is printed as we rent money, as the printer goes off, okay? to keep up with the value what happens to the rent. The rent. and rent interaction not going up. value of what you're money by goes down. 
This is what Bitcoin will put to up, and as that will go, at every time you guys on have on that, you talk to you about why this is, every time you hit the pre crops, who' investor in the stock marketer. Every time I print 10% of the money supply, you have to make 15% invest you bought. You're not keeping up with the most. 
If you're only six or seven or eight percent on a piece of paper that you can't write off you're not keeping enough that not a print. warmmed up and said inflation the most complex, most complex, most misunderstood concept, because it's invisible, and this is what it is called an invisible tax, you don't see it robbing youwhere. How many of you feel like this? Okay. 
So where can you go where theyread money, you would benefit Just come over three assets. Three things you could buy. When you benefit, if they print. real safe one of them. 
Not a realisticate. I can show you all these buildings where 100 million that will sell for less than $10 million to year. Not all all, not all real estate will be. 
Your house right now. your house is not a great investment right now because you can't sell it. Housing sales today are lower than they were in 2000. They may be back to 1995. 
Wow, because the market you need a marbage for that transaction penized. The interest rates or mortgages for a high those have to come down to 4 percent when they come down of 4 percent, how fre up again and they'll have to change their housing. But the problem with housing the out thatic cash flow, you cash flow val, you have to pay that house.. 
How many of you own a home? Good, you own a home, love your home, raise the kids at a home. And some point you're gonna hit your off. draft in your house has some equity in the strap, equity's not working. 
It's not growing, it's not paying you, funding it, and it's the roof breaks, the plumbing b breaks, the law needs to be moved. property taxes need to be made. love the place we manage it's a lot of work. okay? This, this real estate right here, who's paying the bills here? Who's paying the next? 
Lutenance, who's paying, who's paying the insurance? Lieutenants, who's paying for thereases of everything? The tenants, the bedugs, front rights, the tenants, the toilets, the problems, the taxes, and all of it being funded by the tenant, the can't afford to owning anything. because it's too expensive and or, by the way, 83% check this out. 
8.3% of all winners in America today. I'm sorry, of all millionaires in America today, 83% of all the rental stock is owned by the being women by millionaire second. Rzy is actually becoming a choice, a way to live that is desirable because people can now have their money. 
They now hanged by a house, the freedom to move around, they can have that money invested in the NASDA SM 500 Bitcoin, or another real estate real estate cash flows. So, I'm just telling you, if you wanna take advantage of one, you get the best about the world, what do you want? You really want number one and your credit wealth, what's the number one world? 
What does War in the number one rule is?? All right. take a notes to that, number one rope, go, lose money. Hey, you look at the app, that's the number one rule that you' wanna know where you violated the number one rule. 
How many of the rules you in the room think you're violating rule number one. If I leave money in my pocket and I lose it, all I have to go home tonight, my wife sees it, I' I on the shell, the water money magically go. She never.'s mine, what she has is mine. 
I dryer shoes on, she think she thinks that weird. money on that's where it is. So, how can you not those money? You can take that money and you're like, I gotta give away from my wife. 
Bank of America, I'm let us sit back to America. You guys that you're losing money when you leaving a bank of America. The same thing is they losing proposition. you could you could save money you can put on 12 15% on it back. 
You're not you're not you're saving money. You're losing money. saving is on losing propition. It is impossible to save money. 
So, number one, I don't want to lose money, so where am I gonna put it? I got to figure out like, where's that place? There's only a handful of places to put money in not los. 
Second thing you'd like to have is fast. I don't wanna put the money in something where I don't get paid. I'd like to have a little reminder that I did something. 
I mean you like that have a little, it's funny, boom like get a little check. Last one who sent seven million dollars for our invest. How many of you got a check from me last month? 
best money in the world, best customer in the world that investor for. The best thing I've ever got in my entire career is send money to investments. Every on the 15th of the month people let me see a hand again if I sent you money last time. 
Just give me ain X I sent you some money. god damn, that's my boy. Okay, we got Catholics, Protestants, Baptists, uh Muslims, uh Jewish people. We got atheists and Gnostic praying for me.. and we got people make don like, I love this man, okay? 
We got people trying to trash me on the Internet, you go, how much do I see the last? You live up here., you all one way, almost way developed.enty. love me. wants to scr. How would you like to get $22 grand? 
So, he's not losing money. I mean, he did lose the money, 100% of the money that he gave me went to a building. 100%, we don't take any big out, we don't hold anything out, whatever happens for the building, we transfer into that exact hassle. where partners and nephew. No middleman, no brokers, I've raised more money doing this directly Republican, any human being class. 
I' good is what Black black rock. We are so successful, this that these guys are gonna try to do. The problem is Larry F and Black rock will never sp spend five minutes when anybody knew.? 
He liked to. He' liked to be when he come up here and talk to him but he'll fucking he never do. same thing with Jamie and Jamie and he come to talk to you guys. Okay, the guy that runs name of America, and he never did this good a second with anybody in this room. 
You know what? he's too good for you guys. The way it works, they got their little, they got their little tool of people, a handful of people control all the assets in there. 
And what we did was we decided to know grab those assets by assets from institutions and do with regularly intro value with the for that not just complained about it, like, you guys be complain, you can vote, and do whatever you want, oh, Trump Hill change something things. And the rest is up to us. You guys got a chance the rest of closely, first way, that is to decide to get rich. ain't nobody gonna listen to you you before. you can useice you should do this. a fat man gonna tell me how to lose what. 
Hey listen to you, bro. okay? You' had three divorces, and you' go tell me how to have an air. you've got two kids in a drug addict and you're gonna teach me how to raise my kids. Like, you can't do that, man. 
People miss in a successful people. you guys have to become successful. If you wanna help your demediate, the best thing you can do is become successful, you can get trouble some period attack, take all in 25,25, and said this year I'm gonna work. And once you help yourselfreedy, be selfish. 
On you help yourself, take care of yourself and what about your hand and your grandma and your brother in law and all the other dead things in your life. you guys how many have you guys in their deats in your life? Okay? You can't help those people. hope will help yourself. 
They're not gonna even mess the chicken right now. They're like a file a new rope. My my family members took forever to get on board with me. 
I had to make my sister invest with me. She remembers when she was she was 10 years old and I have been born, and she was wiped in my butt. When I come to her 25 years later, when I've got this great deal, what does she say? 
She' say I remember when your neck was this bitty.. blown up on you, playing when you brother, you got a twin brother, you're playing with his tally whacking. you. I'm trying to talk her about not losing money, cash flow and a and I get the red road. Now I get rhyth road. okay? 
rent row the rentug goes up without your property goes up. and then what do I did have a 14 year' looking for is you looking for what? I'm not looking to hit rich with I'm looking and getting rich or sure. And all I ever do, folks will tell me what I'm doing. 
I'm not I'm not ever going to tell you guys anything I'm not it's not working. I do something that doesn't work, like something wasn't anymore. I do something that does work and share that people when you go to visit side. that when they' we're looking at how an at a public version this, we know public with stuff. 
There' 70,000 because I'm starting to work for other people, the reason we have in these two days is they need to get access to other people behind the scenes, I'm like they show me how to how buy. I wanna make this move right now. I do I not? 
You gotta get around the right people to do this stuff. So, we want to thank you guys for something your day and you know, and the way this is what people sharing it whether it even it to myself, we share I mean, you guys start thinking different host, right? So, your job, your exercise and they said, you need to find an answer. 
First of all, how much money do you have? You should you should summarize how much money you have said that 401 effects IRA sets Roth. equity in your home and passing your list. There's probably seven categories where you have. 
You should put together and look at one that she where it is blue sky where it is my on. that I say that money is about. nobody do not. You need cash. need this one to take care of your bursts. This is what pays for all hours. 
Okay? The 90 day plan has another 90 day plan can be three months. How many you total have three months to say it? 
Okay, who told you that?, your grandbotherhered, your mom, your dad? Who told you? who took you to? 
Dave Brans, who told Dave? Jeff, who told him who what, where where did this start? Who benefits would save your life? 
I had it? Do you think the banksacks would save money? No. 
No, they't. As soon as you dropped the money off, b, they send out an ad. you dropped in a million, they send out and dollars. That you an investors. 
Wow, because the moment they send the money out, it becomes with an asset on their balance sheet. the balance sheet of a bank is a reverse of a balanc sheet that you have. You believe the money is safe in the bank, but the truth is banks are the most unsafe place to leave money on clatter. It's so unsafe they don't leave it there. 
It's so unsafe. I went to Bank of America and said I want to borrow $100 million to my real estate. They'd be like, okay, well'll give you the loan on $100 million bill estate. as long as it goes well. cash for. 
I say, yeah, but what I really like to do is just borrow $100 million money and buy a bank of America stock. What would they say? Get out of. 
See me we ain't gonna lend you money for our stock. that should tell you everything right there, folks. Average company in America last seven years ago. All those companies in the National about in the NASA, the average company will last seven years been shrink. 
How long will this this bit last? Number one, don't lose money, number two I't cash flow, how many you need passing money? Number three, I need rentth I want see that cash flow over time, number four, I will want a appreciation over long periods of time, okay? 
And number five, okay, number five, I like another pass on. That's what we're doing five, we love to have you and best with us and you invest real estate wheels that to us all. We don't lose money, we just pay 500 million for four deals. 
I don't know if so over all. just bought this for $3007 million. We bought that deal right there, don't go next. Finx is down the same same word above over this over acid insuranceomb where90 billion dollars. 
We're about from institutions, both of these bill sc cash below bought tinx flag road by that problem same same group of same route. one group, three meals, um, all of them castos, all of them accompliches, we don't lose our money. I I took my money and I moved it over here to these assets. Okay, now, I have lost my money. 
I mean, it's go on the cash. But remember if I say that I was, right, I? all I' is trading cash forASA. that I don't have to have two cash loads on those three years, we get $25 million a cash flow on those new bills. 
Get cash. And we'll distribute the guar 25 act customers. We get rent road, when the sheer probably not. next year, probably not, 27, massive rentope. 27, 28, 29, this country whatever you're screaming about right now and you're you're gonna be like losing your mind 28. 
Right? So because rent's gonna be 3500 by. Then we get long term appreciation, but the thing that I left off is one thing was the other thing that I got a deal when I bought the last. and I tax right. 
On the $500 million with the real estate, we bought this year we think our tax right off is here that we will pass on our investors will be about $200 million. For you make a decision for us to have cash flow, not lose our money to get rent broke, appreciation, and the last one is to write it all from the IRS and produc taxes to. So that's what we're doing in part of capital and this is a well spategy, there's a whole bunch of other things we're gonna do, we're gonna take a part on the capital problems to tell, we're probably gonna take that company in public you the next little bit. 
We're gonna put all ourze set, we've got 42 assets, population dollars with assets, put it in a re. We'll paper out to the marketplace, we'll get tremendous levels, and then we can even look into the afternoon and future with a real estate bitcoin fund orre investigated this right now to figure out how good let me just see who would be interested in this. We bought a piece of real estate, listen to the offer. it is going to cash flow. before you raise your mail intended yes. 
I go. um we back some real estate bre a real estate institutional quality in our distributions now go to, not back to you, but we got that for him with the distributionions. This would be for people that you live without the cash flow. so we use real estate to make this other bet, and you're probably not making anyway. How many years old one?? 
Well, I mean how many you do not own good point? So, this has been through we're doing when you come of rooms like this, we basically you never got an event that with this before. how many of you have never been allowed on that was? How many of you did not know who I was witness we did? 
You never even heard that. Anyway, anybody ever, this man over here? originated in something? 
Never. Never heard of it. ever How the fucking get over here. roof, bro. What do you doing here? 
What like on these roof. What? I you do, you know I am. 
No, I do not know. You don't recognize a voice? No. 
The bad job I need. She has to be up for her better than the God, here. She' this guy gonna be more money than anybody else. 
Sit down. So, what we do, what we do is like this and we build a big audience by supposed to help to have eight million people that might not, okay? across the world and and then help a hand that one do something wood. 
J, where's? We're here to help you, we're here to what' supposed to we go about, 100 workshops a year sales, marketing, staling, people, leadership, uh, scaling is buying business, uh real estate advanc, real estate workshops, we have real estate clubs, we're here to help you you've never got anything with us. just make sure that you're mixing it up, uh both with the network of people here that all gonna do better., give you something. employees right in Miami, what you this chair plans is by the president of the company one of the train technologies our educational on of an easier, uh, so'll be open next days to be great schedule for the.. How you guys glad you came on your X? 
25% of the way. So we're just getting all in here. Uh, but I mentioned in over the last year, we get a lot ofress about doing this specific type of men. so for the last nine months, we've been putting this event together and figuring out how else we can helping with the mention tax strategy that other ways., but what we wanted to do was we wanted to create a a program where people can participate with us throughout the year, focus just on multip investig. 
We are creating our 10x wealth club, and this is gonna be root of people that are interested in wealth building, from private activity US state, and use an options, and stock trading in the markets, attach strategy like you learn from. Carlton, life insurance, how does that have trust so that you guys have protection and pay less and tax when wealth transfers through, and so we put together a program where for 12 months, you guys are gonna work with us. every single month, we're gonna have calls, we're gonna have special guests, you, single month has so, you, we're gonna be twice a year and look for all on. There is the one day event for the number of the time more and we're gonna have guest feeds for each of the five that I' talked about for was, uh today and we' tomorrow. 
Uh, additionally you're gonna get math my calls for every month, you're gonna be with an expert, uh, who's gonna come and sleep on that I call on uh specific task that I' like to say, uh, we don't down and on some of these problems. So when we get the lot of the balls, you're also gonna get access probably, have that we wanted to put this in here because some through is 2503 year, and all the get together there wereenda, they benef. Thank you.
“


