Part 1:
“. But, um I felt that, look, I I think our beaut artistic is that we all history. We have action. 
Once the election is done, we're Americans, and we need our president to be successful. we need him to move our country for, and we need to look at as a new beginning and a time of great opportunity. especially as. I mean, how the most for the right is that America? let think about where liberalism is gotten happen in Americas. 
Boston, Massachusettsep center of little power, the average household networks of a wife Boston household with 2778,000. The average household network of a black household in Boston is eight guys. eight gods, and that's famili the US Boston Federal Reserve. So what that tells you is that these liberal policies that for people further into than to public, so what's the definition of insanity in the same name and expective results? 
So, what do we have to lose, you know, blunt and I would just say it a little differently that pay is time for a different approach. And so I posted that, and said, look, in politics, we we are I do in politics just like him because a good form policy. No permanent friends, no permanent enemies, just permanent interest. 
And I think black Americans should do that, too. And uh I think we should it better opt. I think we'll get a better outcome under this. voted for stuff. it is aurd that, you know, say something else by somebody anological and a democrat party tax you for talking about the entre mentioning stuff I you something about this oper raising parties and leave reform, you that has made that hesident about, I guess. what he ask you a little bit when first we're gonna I wanna add you back in into the house.ert Trump's policies head by what Navy more, he has a house in set. 
Um, but some sure n 20% across the border, 60% of China, what do you think? Well, I don't think we can allow one foreign governments to subsidize their businesses coming into our and kill a mark. threaten people away in there, uh, uh leveling the plane field. And so I think if that's the case these governments that are doing that, and they've made it less more of economically viable for Apple to make parts for an iPhone, ship those parts over to China, have them simple China, and ship back here, and that's more cost effective than building it here. that can't have that. 
So, something has to be done. I think terrorists are a good of the approach, not long term, but short term to bring people to the bargaining table, so that we can level plans or American companies. So I support the approach, I just don't think it's a long term. 
I think it is a necessary act having met a million times. So what do you think he's gonna come with that? Is it gonna be this sort of a crossboard thing, or is it gonna be a case by case? 
using strategically? You can operate through everything I've known about him, he operates from a vision and then, um, how he act to the circleance. So I don't think he thought it to roll with. 
I think he understands that vision and his to be approach you know, as another thing. one of the things that I've just like reading about this election and in 2006 and 2020 is that you got penalized and criticized for not being successful in every endeaor being pursued as a business. All that critical came from people who never done it before their lives. that are guaranteed be successful, we will be in the darkness. reality is what is what is for man? It's a man or the woman arena, that's what counts, and so I keep this we have to get back to her country where opportunity is there and we allue our dreams, whatever they are, and not being afraid to fail because failure isn't part of being successful, and the only difference to use of my successful is somebody who fails is that when he is a successful just doesn't quit. and that's it. 
I I've had manyail. and uh, but I don't quit.. I assuming like. Well, actually, I do think in the president and I talk about this, we talk about the president elect after 2006., um and and by the way, I met with him and a big experi of theongressional by Carlress foundation for the for the 50 plus black Congress and they were theories with me too, were meeting with him, but, I mean, business and business, but I think that I think capital came application should be more broadlyied. 
A person like me a real estate developer who takes a takes a vacant piece of land, spins hundreds of millions of dollars, millions of dollars to build the development, create jobs and economic opportunity, like the people who build this building in this facility, if they sell it after they completed where they sell time as their includion, you take ordinary income tax rate of 37%. I think our tax systems has to reward, and one of the things it doesn't, is they carageers, which from call we put on, a sheet wouldn't change it, because that that your favoriteuts. lower marginal... We had okay, so that's by way,orically tax uselope, all the obation and clean the economy, you look at wild racing, and what brought the financrices of the way 80s was the 1986 past form, that raised act that reclassified every time we raised access, we push ourselves into form of procession. 
It does eventually a supply sign pushing that customer. was a period of time where putting taxes, you're engageing your tffs, it adds to the budget deficit into that. We have 35 trillion dollars of that. It's 127% of their GGB. 
Are you worried about this? Because the Marcus if you look at the 10 year model, the market start to get a little fun, I think there is so many people haven't paid a lot attention to that, and demograph are compated or you Bill Clinton was running into the office, accused at my house governor of Aransas trying to get the democratations. at the one thing about it is cut skinny, I can totally one place to do, and that's the real estate where the federal government, so right now, in Washington DC alone. I talked to President Trump about it. 
Here basically, 4 million in the office ra released to the federal government, there is another 35 millions worth if they own as we sit here today tomorrow morning, less than 25 of the federal government workforce that is to occupy the buildings is gonna show up to work. buying has allowed the government to keep paying rent on third plus million where being of office paid not use get get. That is example of weight when you not must get in there, and they start reallying down with There's it called a double? it's gonna be pretty.m telling you the way over. 
I grew up in with governments and money life is notized.agine as a business for any of you all, and you all own your business and your you're paying for four time much office space as you are you, and you continue to do it. How dumb is that? We do that across. 
I think those those cuts will reduce any. those cuts will reduce, um, no, the decit. Yeah, those are you use that we as a society can help people just help people. We have to help people can't help themselves and we have to give everybody else an opportunity and a level of playing field to go out and help themselves. give people who show up, look New York City, New York City's has been $5 billion last year on housing illegal argency. and what they did is when they came to the country illegally showed up in New York, they got a hotel room, they got a visa credit card, debit card, loaded with $1,000 every month. and they got a cell phone. 
Who wouldn't go to New York under those circ dance? And the New York taxpayers are paying for that, and that money went from New Yorkers who were and needed the money to people who were just showing up illegally and that's why Trump got 404% of New York State's gold and 48% of the vote in the box. That's amazing. and it's. business people you see how your market go? 
soon as all. and then we'll do commercializ and they push point. I look, I think that the reality is that the housing market, the values are gonna continue to hold, but you're not going to see as much volume. I think volume and activity on single family home will continue a drag, that you had a couple of things affecting into. 
That's the big issue with individual. number one, oh that slow down production and some many different areas. Two, followed by high integates made impractical, building, and then you had those of IT to processes like the threeverane lot. So don't have an increase li for, and that growate simple business behind demand. 
So tell we can get more inventory out there, then also people aren't willing to sell their homes because about 80% of the people who have a mortgage, their rates are under 5% percent. So, some people have inf rates at 3%. Why would you sell to go and buy the infeor home because they're buying powers and road is significant? 
So I think that will be a drag. So that means multifamily just get better. Multifamily, again, is supplied to screen, but more mobilelexible, that people can move in. 
So I assume principle up a mult table. I think there's an environment that coming, um to build additional mall family house. and I think that in the real estate residential space, outside sale south Florida, I think that the number one place could be is multifamine. In your reward tax wise, because it be all the asset for more than a year, a long term capital d tax for your gain. 
So,. I think a lot of new week, I mean, look, I've been verging a grant to do a week um because I think ultimately, um the one the divid of distribution through tax, the dividends, um two can allows great line power, and then ultimately in order to continue to preservatory in product, he's gonna have to start getting into my business, which is the developing side, interesting. So, in 2020, um, I remember writing a lot about a pending commercial real estate collapse, lots of dead, you know, some of the bondariism, something to be MS or with the CDSs on this were going haywire. um, but this never come. 
I mean, is this just waiting to let h a commercial real estate depression, or is it just not gonna happen? I think I thought you were right then, and I think if you're right. I think that the end of the day commercial officeilities and by the way, not all markets are the same, but commercial office buildings are a pen of arts management a seismic shift of a magnitude that has not been seen in the. 
So New York City, Washington, DC, Chicago, major city of LA, San Francisco,ownt a plump. The challenges different banks can afford just to take these losses, but if you look, every month, you give these statistics, I can use statistics, these industry statistics, that shows that half a building more. I half arillion dollars more is gone over this special services. 
So it's coming. They're waiting the banks and they're waiting for rain for even go back to work. Five this order two plus years ago for record to come back to work. 
They just ignored, I think under theump, you'll they don't come back to work, if he does what, you know, Raven did with the air traffic controls will fire them, and then you get people who want to work, you can cut the government that. I think that absent extreme reductions and grates, massive return to work, um, you know, um, off the markets are in the big trouble. and the only place where you can see a real sized shift that people going back to work will be watching in DC. That's it. Nobody else can force anybody to go back to work. 
So I think that those are gonna come, they're gonna be reining opportunities. The government's gonna have to identize, conversions of and um residential, because there's a shortage of thearties. So I I think're dead right. catalyst for the 2008 financial crisis was a collapsing mortal mortgage price, of course, because housing prices for the individual. 
Do you see this being a c catalyst or another financial prices where you're describing on commercial real estateement? Not as much because the lenders werearter, you know, they learned their lessons and bankers are terly low risk um, you know, uh, no lowers in industry. The like a normal with the umbrella, sunny day that passing them all out, the moment it the old cast one back, so they went their money back, but they were only allowed um investors in developers to level up to about 60%. 
So, equity is wiped up. There's fun. so for example, Savannah parks, they they've got a couple of office building funds. This most recent one, they brought it down to zero. 
They lost everybody's money, because the equity wip us which minee is equity by out. So the big product that these mines would have been heavily invested in real estate, they are slowly quietly giving back their properties through their lenders. They are selling them in discountates and so forth. 
So it's to equity wipe up, so most threaten the max banks, it'll threaten the intelligence, it'll be losses for investments.. I do. They already are and I I do. 
I think the bigger ones would be a kind of camouflage, they'll make money, um, you know, on the next investment, but imagine they're going to their investments and say, hey, we lost all your money here on these office until we learn how lesson and I'll give us a few billion dollars more and let us drive in. and the public employee pitches system do that and give them more money. they take it for me and give it to them, right what? I think that as he stabilizes the economy is inflation under control LO plus the real estate, dealing with means raising in financial policy that they deal with you the world. people look at some cash policies to incinize workforce housing, which is a biggest shortage. I mean, there's all thisens, especially from the R and how about the people do we rely on every day and make our city and our community work? 
They got to drive an hour and a half to get to work and back toordability. So I think he will get the workforce houseing tax credit legislation through the Congress. that would be very positive to the problem expand opportunities known, maybe come up with new price the overall was for real estate and good for the entreneur. I think you'll see opportunities for entrepreneurship, um and um, you know, his administration and he' be access to capital, very access of capital, greater access to, um, federal land. 
I think so I think we'll need very possible for the world. appreciation and stuff like that. I think so. I I he did it on, you know, with, you know, a matter of active products like that he hotelels or um, you know, airplanes and large machinery or, you know, um farming, black. 
I mean, I think, yeah, I think to or short get to different like 50 like with grey carbon is doing the crowd fuming, one put five billion directly to the producers, bypassing the hated golden sacks. I think that what Rand has done um in terms of the problem isordinary, um, the transformational. um, it is unlocked access to the best opportunities to a consumer base. You think about how real estate, if you go back, I started my career in 1979, I started a development business in 86.. doing that time period, the buyers of commercial off buildings at the hotels were generally off syndicated. 
They bought, and then they were syndicated and they syndicated to, you know, a fluent, um, you know, workers, you know, like doctors, lawyers or counts, financial advisors, you and went off across the board to almost the workforce, so it unlocked um investment optortunities were much broader aspective and um and they could hit the individual asset they invest in this European, Miami and you want to invest in somerolled homes, you could invest in this building. What happened is in 1986, tax performed that took away thereciation accelerated appreciation and the deductibility of interest. As a result of that, if the real commercial real estate market collapsed, and theinders of the banks had made all those loans of those assets collapsed, and that while we had the layies financial gr prices between 1989 and 1991 thousand in the US banks were closed, because of that. 
So, um the way the individual investors going forward had to invest in real estate work real estate investments for us, and product with the take your acid new investment in new product equity was very limited generally, like a last known plan and so forth, or liinited people with, you know, net worth for over $10 million. et cetera. So whatant did is unlocked or um the opportunity individual investor and, you know, the greatest flatteryries emulation. So now what you have is blackstone, black rock bow and all getting into the problem on YouTube. 
But I don't think that they're cut out for it. I think that uh, you know,ant is transformational, I think you can just even greater things. The whole thing about our country is we live a capitalist. 
The pill of our lot is you rest and find capital, not social capital, so we need to have opportunities for even to invest in routine Lathol great for country, and that's only other countries. And so it'sanding those opportunities, and that's, you know, my party to the left is always complained about how this wealth concentration, they created that, with these, um policies, what granted when is opening up, you know, that those opportunity to a broad perspective and it's a great business model. as we are we started, we did a couple of deals, we put it on pause and because demand is very high, and so we decided to go raise capital around that and so we're doing that with third party capital now. Um, I think where there is, where we're really excited about from our business a couple of things. 
One, we do an extensive amount of color project partnerships that how starting business on, you know, own, you know, four years ago, three eight years ago, um, because I broke in DCIs mythologics, it's been the last few years of high school working in Capitol Hill, so I understand politics well I I translated that in real estate. and so we do public products around the country builds a dollar process. where we buy land from the government and develop. So, we're now institutionalizing that business, um an investedirmary regime taking us through a series one for4As, we' excited about that, and then we were getting way to do a asid manner and business with a couple parties from blacksmith, a former part of black black rocket, and and there we are going to we were raised an office building by and buy officeilities. and uh position in and converted and then the other thing is where most most committed to terms of what I want a human being in American, is I realize that right now there is about 87 trillion currently invested capital prop. 87, and by the way, the biggest classroom investors areublicans weight pens, supposedly progressive. However, I'm at 87 or less than $13% of that money's invested firm run were owned by women and people of color combined. 
That's tremendous inequity, but w women coming from ammendous opportunity, because I don't believe that we need to provide capital to towns not to York whether and wherever they are, and so we're gonna raise a fund and we're getting ready to do that and short order. um to invest in bill and to, um in a real estate oper we don't have access gap because of the black rocks and blackones go in others have overlooking and that's why they have these figures now. I just believe this aalent that women that was talking business by my mother, so I constantly believe that women at radio account and you. Thank you., you guys doing today? 
So, guys who don't know who might name's Jared Glenn, I'm the president of uh, Grant Cardonarises, it was great a 14 years and I've gotten to say, uh, the passengers about brand is my app. I've helped build business consider what it is but watching it' watch him build the real estate business in ways. And so I had the opportunity to learn from him a lot about playing. and as our business grew and they continue to have work our business own comfort through our eosystem and go through our ownation man, if you uh you are part of the most deep for your team, you've been to a 360, you've done something with Carter adventures. raise your hand, if you've done some business education with us. 
So what happens is we work with business owners and go through our programs, and it works, and it works what happens, and they got money, and what happens when you get money? you gotta figure out what to do with and so over the last couple of years, we started getting a lot more questions. What do I do with money? 
Where do I investigate? What do I be on the stock market? What else other the real estate that I looked at? 
what do you think about life insurance? Uh, how should I set trusts in my entities out? And so this event is basically our uh it's our way to give you the solution that you in asking us where we're years. 
And so we're super, super excited about this. We wanted to make sure that we cover, you know, the big buckets of the messy, so real estate, stock market, private equity and we've got a lot of great crazy things that are happening there that we're gonna be announcing this weekend. Life insurance, giving entity settled, and everybody's favorite thing, how to pay less in taxes. 
How do you guys on taxes? So we wanted to break somebody who could come talk about this in in the general about to bring up. I bet it originally about eight years ago, he was working for his mom's accounting his miss in, and they were trying to grow and see your business in. started following a high ad started becoming like an excit part of University of the business in their business just ri explode. 
And we kind of lost touch, and about a year and a half ago, two years ago, I started seeing him everywhere. And he just his his social brain just exploded millions of view, millions of followers, YouTube and Instagram, and he's given people these hacks on what they can do as small business owners to beat the IRS. So he's the founder and CEO of tax alcheies, the number one tax strategist USA in just a few years since he watched his business, he's been able to save his clients over hundred billion dollars. 
That's money in your pocket, not the government. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Carlton Dennis. How are you doing today? 
Come on, y, I'm talking about tax. I'm gonna need some energy. talking about that be happy to save somebody. So what I'm gonna do today is I'm gonna go over the art of legal tax avoidance. 
We just wanna make sure that you guys have my presentation I so you guys can see this is gonna be absolutely amazing today. How many of you guys feel like you're currently right now and raise your hand? I feel like we' paying on your taxes. 
Go ahead and put it up in the air.. who in your legs now? I wanna see that? Okay, yeah, that's about everybody that has to end up in the air. 
And how many guys feel like you go to your CTA, you do all the things that you're supposed to be doing with them, except you still didn't up going on your taxes. You keep paying more. Does that anybody you're doing everything that you possibly can, you listen to them, but you still end up owing. 
And for some of us, we want to do these more, but we're a little bit afraid, some of us who are afraid of the IRS, we don't wanna get that knock or door, we don't wanna get that letter. So what ends up happening? We'd ended up just writing and check. 
Or forhaps your CPS told you, you've already matched out all of your deductions, so you should just be happy that you're so successful. Is that anybody's CA in the room or they tell you everybody here, hey, congratulations, you did it again. We're in the 37% tax bracket. 
Let's go ahead and write that payment. Guys, here's the truth, and I know you know that all you guys are smarting or else you would be in this room. The tax is the game. and who got master of the game they get to pay little nothing in tax. 
And unfortunately, those who sit on, they pay 30, 40, or even as high as 50% in taxes. Have you guys felt that earn before? We all have that. 
I felt it too. It is no different in sports. The Enorm Messi, Le Brondes, Tom Ray have perfected the fourthers that they are in. 
Taxes is no different, and there are some people that you guys are aware of who have affected the game just like Leonol just like LeBron, just like Tom Brady when it comes from taxes. the first game, our 47 president, Donald Trump you back in office. Haven't anyone to go to sleep? because I wanna know a bonus appreciation is coming back, and we're gonna talk a little bit more about that. 
We will talk about us. Well, you guys probably didn't know, unless until you found out on the news, is that in 2006 and 2017, Donald Trump made $750 in federal taxes. Question for the audience, did you pay more than him? 
seven people? What about Jeff? One of the biggest billionaires in the world in 2001, Jeff Bezos paid zero percent in federal income taxes, even though he was worth 18 billion dollars. 
Wow. I would it that these billionaires are figuring out how to pay less of acc. or how about our man on the GC? story. he wiped out his multi million dollars tax bill by getting one of these birds. 
And he leveraged bonus depreciation, the offset his income taxes and guess what? Now we got a few popters, we got a few toys, and he't in no one's jumpsuit. So guess what? 
There are certain people that have affected this game to the point where it looks like in March, it looks like they're doing it so easily. So we have to make a choice. either we're gonna continue to just write up the stress almost in and let them spend our money, our money the way that they see that I don't know where my money is gone really. When I send it to all, you guys know? 
Or we can wise up and get smarts and learn the art of legal taxo, just like Bezos, just like Trump, just like all the GC. So, what we're gonna do today, is we're gonna choose our camp. I one of all of you guys to make join today. and we're gonna start playing the game of taxes. 
And if you're with me, I'm gonna show you some techniques really three powerful teches today that you guys are coming right now. They're gonna help you save over for in 100% ongoing taxes I can promise you can do it, people in the room that have successity of these Australian from short. So we're gonna jump right in before we do so I just wanna quickly give you guys back on the Y am I license in old age I a little bit different than the average CTA that you guys probably run into you I did not go to school with public accounting that was not what I wanted to do. 
I went to school and play football. after I got out the football, I found out who the was and uh quickly found out that I need to figure out the system. My mother owned the tax account company. I was a blessed to be able to learn tax strategy for her, but when I realized is there was an absence of CPA or tax professional teaching how to pay less. 
There's tons of people that can follow their tax returns. Who is teaching you how to actually save the money? Luckily, I got on YouTube and was able to share that those information the strategies that I knew. 
We have the number one YouTube channel for tax strategy on the Internet. It's pretty awesome. Because I chose cash strategy over talking about tax preparation on the Internet, I started to become obsessive with other people who dragging about paying 0% in the past, too. 
These were the people because I had to look at when I was 21 and 22 years old when I gradu dog. These were the only people on the Internet that were bragging about being zero representing on taxes. At that point in time, you were not Instagram looking at ITV listening to somebody talk about their finances. 
People weren't sharing their finances back in 2006 and 2007. Other than tallright, Robertaki and R. There's the only people that were racking about paying zero vinity. 
I really likeava because he had this whole little box here where squading down to the eyalking become a professional investor where trading the time for money to investing in assets that hit your time contacting the cost of the tax. I wased about this because at the time I was an employed was looking at my mom's office I had started my business yet. It was for me to figure out how I was getting hard I was gonna get down into that side of the fast. 
I couldn't figure out is that if I totally on real estate investing first, if I focus on real estate investing the first, I can build up a portfio that can offset my earned income. That's a couple years later that I speak on stage of my, and these strategies that I teaching guys here today is part of the reason why IP 0% of income task the last three years. So, here's the first task I want to give you, and if you're writing some information on forever well, you say some of, he knows that I'm sure for you. 
The first step towards the master the art of legal passive ways is you have to learn the game of rant real estate loss, or regines. In Or the master arts of legal tax movies, have to understand the gain of real estate losses. Real estate investors have the best ass breaks, and I know you guys are aware of that. 
But as business songs we get to take deductions, too, but the sad part is that there's only so manyagons and cars that we over 6,000 pounds of the box. So they are the text reice and you have a million dollar tax bill and I told you, hey, this is Johnson wants to go by 10angerovers, you're not gonna want to do that as an art of your tax plan. But if I told you, Mr. Johnson, we can invest in real estate and creative paper loss, it off seted up $1 million that's coming over on a K one, you're gonna you're gonna fuck up, you're gonna cure. 
Hold on a second, how does that work? The reason why we estate is so howful is because you make a right off the entire cost of the building that the body, even though you're taking out a lage, even though there're using other people's money to close as well. And that' to me, why I believe it is the real estate, we're getting a right off for the entire buildings of map. 
Let's just put that into perspective. If I'm writing off an entire building, I'm most likely gonna end up having aoss on attaching returns even though on cashable closage in the United States on and avert and investment property sits at a 6,000 to $8,000 paper loss, even though the investor isashville Austin. How is that? 
Because the I allow them to to appreciateate on entire building amount. Now, some of us that are in the room, having best in Robert' Richard Man if the own real estate, Rayanna? Awesome. 
How many of you guys would wanna wait one of seven and a half years? to write off our entire investment model. And you, you got you guys thinkand wants the way 27 now years. 
I mean you guys have meos most weight 27 half years. you passed on the 27 and a half years. So let's sav real estate investors do as they look towards this stragy called the costation stri? It's very simple, I explain it to all of these guys. 
The cost separation is that is a strategy that savvy taxayers utilize to a celebrate appreciation. How do I buy a car that weighs over 6,000 pounds on the government lets you use IRC 179 and you can write off the whole car in one year 60% 100% bonus appreciation that, right? Saveing with real estate. with real estate, the strategy is not one se non. 
The strategy is cost everythingation. I wanna get the cost of all the components that make up my investment property, and I want to segregate all of the different structural and nonstructural components, so I can write them off in a quickeromon. boosting my paper walls on my task. The cost segregation that will allow for you to do this, that allows for you to runload your appreciation. and we're gonna talk about what happens when you decide to frontload your depreciation. 
When I invest in real estate, I know that before the property gets fully built, there's this structure. There's the wood and the congrete. That is considered structural components, roof, stairs, steel, elevators foundations. 
Those items guides are gonna last about 27 half years no matter what we do, sorry. IRS isn't gonna let us accelerate atom amounts. Well, what the IRS will let us accelerate is the nonstructural component. 
The firm the furniture, the light nature, the custom cate be appliances, the landscape theartment, all of these components have useful life and the IRS is giving them enough based on what they are. If there are quiances, you can write them off in five yearsal, as opposed to 27 and half years. If you have furniture, you can write that out in five years as opposed to 27 and half years, if you have custom capitalaltry, appliances, landscaping, you can write us all in seven or 50 years as opposed to 27 years. 
So performing the costgregation study is a study on your investment property to segregate structural and nonstructural component. Agreed? Okay. 
Now, let's break out an example, we mod a property here in Miami and Florida. and the propertyert is a million dollars. and let's just say that the land value because land is not appreciable, I repeat, land is not depreciable. The land value is hundred thousand, okay, so we got a million our property, lands 100 dollars. So what we actually get to utilize for depreciation is the building structure or IS wall that addition. 
That's the other 900 pay. Let's look at what has been done for this costations stuff. We have600,000 of structural components of structural components being that items that happened here of after. 
And then we have 300,000 a nonstruction compon, 150 of it allocated to buy your property, 100,000 alligated to seven year property and 50,000 allocated to 15 year properties. Now,onus depreciation this year is that what present guys right now 60%. So when you perform a cost every case is going on a million dollar property at 60 b depreciation, your either one tax right off. 
It's 201,880. Question for the audience, I'm buying a property as an investcent property. What's the average percentage of down that I might have to? 
about? So, you mean to tell me that my down payment that I'm looking into investment puppy is almost all the entirely company that me in the world of the tax right off, the answer is yes. This is the game that the real dogs are playing in the room that I want everybody in the room playing. 
It's the game of rental ballses, because if I'm putting $200,000 of my own money into an investment property, I don't wanna lose that money. I want to calculate somewhere safe in a hard asset like real estate that I touch physically, a simultaneously, I wanna get a benefit for investment in real estate. And now benefit of 2001,000 is my entire down human an in a year one tax rout. 
This is the game of outdoor stap. It's working. we have to talk about how you can actually take these balles, because some of us haveacid in on, and those have active because you have active income and have a business orLC, you name it, you have that is done. I mean, you guys also sound haveacid. 
Okay, cool. So we have two ways that we can play the game on rental Walls this year. We can go down door number one, which is as a fast investor, and let me tell you guys, I love investing in real estate basketball, because if we can go ahead and say that, but here's what happens when we invest in real estate passes. when we invest in real estate passively, we limited funders. which is cool. 
We can have a nice operator to run the entire real estate operation you'll raise the capital for us, manage that you'll make the improvements on the field that issue our our pay once. they'll also issue out our cash flow. It's pretty and all. We still get depreciation when we invest as passive investments, which is amazing, right. 
But on that came one, what I love I see that K one because I get my K1 part of capital every single year. What I love all that K one is I never pay any taxes. I always have this depreciation laws. 
And that is because the deal that I am in when I am less passage creat such a deep depreciation production that I will pay 80 taxes on the cash flow thatones over to me from being in a passive deal. That is why investing in real estate passively, especially in syndications, is so phenomenal, but if you have active income you offset the losses that are passes against your active income, yes or no. And okay, so now we have to look at. door numbers was going down in door being inactive investment. just so I know, does anybody here active investor right now already? 
We guys yes, you? Okay, cool. we have a packive professor, if you has an investor, the IRS created this role back in 1987, wrong rating implemented the passive activityity law schools when he was essentially doing was he was trying to prevent us from being able to invest in real estate passively and then offerging like hold on a second.old on. There's too many people that are just investing in real estate and not paying any taxes. 
Why is this happening? So the government did a consistus audit in 1986, and found out that taxpayers who were earning over $250,000 does two income were paying less than 15% in federal income taxes 10% of them. The passive activity law schools came shortly after that, and this meant that we have now all as we say profession. 
How many you guys have heard of the concept of real estate professionalole? It sounds like we would have to have some type of qualification of rental property with a certain level of experience, but it has nothing to do with that. What a real estate professional is is just somebody that can be believed to almost am not use yet. prove to Uncle Sam that you spend $750 hours in a wal operation in which you maturely participate, and that you spend more time in your rental activities than any other activities in the company. 
Now, for many taxpayers, it's very hard all as real estate professional if they have a whole time job.. How do you understand more time in real estate in your job? This is when sometimes we will look to this task. 
Maybe there's a spouse that's hasn't returned to work yet. I mean, sometimes we have mothers or sometimes we have husbands that are working from home, but they're working part time. in this situation, we can try to qualify the husband or try to all about all that quiet, as even as a professional and now are able to use depreciation losses to offset her after forms of 1099 income War W28ome. But what about the short term principal? 
Have you guys seen the short term rental loophole going around on the Internet like wildfire? This is the one year in strategy I love to utilize. You know what? 
Because many taxpayers have vacation homes or secondary homes that are not utilizing, and underneath that same tax code that long rated implemented back in 1986, he identified what a short term rental was even though AirbMb wasn't here yet was it? What we learned back in 1886 is that Ronald Reagan huge short term rentals as hotels and motels and what he said is that you have tennis that stayed a property on a transient basis, which is seven days with us, then it's not considered a passive investment. It's an active investment. 
And you don't have to qualify as a real estate profession. you just have to spend 100 hours managing that property between now and the end of the year. Now, I don't know about many of you guys. but 100 hours? I mean, geez, we can get that done in the box few weeks. to be able to benefit from a past segregation study, we' require you to have two separate tenets staying in your body and we now in December 31st and order for you to have that property account as a short term rental. 
And then in 20225, you can convert that property back to the secondary home that it was or into a long term rental or whatever you choose. This is how you can sneak in a segregation study between now and the year that you happen to have a property. what if we wanted to invest in syndications on the passive side? and we have a few of these other rentals on the active side, but we want to use depreciation from everything to create a loss that can ask that our active forms of income. 
Would you guys like me to show you how we can do this? What if we can invest in hard on capital passively and still be able to make thereciation active against our active forms of being, would you guys be interested in see how comput? Okay, so underneath that same task remind you guys who our president was at that time was wrong right. 
I need that passion. For 69, there's an election that Ronald Reagan left. all this dash nine election. Okay? 
You can screenshot as 12. what this means to you is as a taxpayer, you normally would have to spend 750 managing one property or 750 hours managing the next property in order for the IRSual real estate property active. Nobody has that. So what we can look to do is make including the election, all they gash nine approving election. 
Whereas the taxpayer, you canoof your limited, harder interest in with your other investments that you have, making your entire interest active. Now my investments in our own capital, I could take itreciation against my escortporation flowering when that comes on my table one. Now my properties that I have in Tucson, Arizona and Deerrill Beach, I can run across aggation status on those properties and create Aprilable and be able to offset my act for in time. 
The dash nine grouping election is not really something that your CPA may bring up while you're crowding your tax returns isn't. So this is where we just taxare have to go outside of the CPA office to get additional information around stragy that can help position ourselves to reduce our overall pass. The dashtime grouping election is absolutely one of the most powerful ways that you will be able to off your taxes with your real estate portfolio. 
Now, the step that I want to make sure that we covered today here and probably one of the most important aspects of this entire presentation. is leverageing the full power in section 162, and I promise this would be the last pass code I ID in uniorhood today. But code section 162A arguably arguably the task code that changed my eyes. What code section one is to a states is that a business owner, all of you would make a business got. 
If the expenses are ordinary in nature, necessary in nature and reasonable in nature to the business owner in the pursuit of income. The reason why this is so outful is because a lot of the taxpayers would love it if I had a list for you in the math room, I love a little right offset and you and your business guer. Wouldn't that be amazing for all to give a list of all the things that I do system take on an HA sales, like I just want leave HA strategy. 
It's a problem I'm doing real I real estate ag, I just want real estate ag strategies. Would't that be an amazing? It would be awesome. 
Unfortunately, IRS doesn't have a list group, but what they did give in is c section one web. and he who wields the power of code section 162A can offset their taxes and convert every day expenses that wooding business expenses. agent business rivals. You guys understand that grandardon that bottom is, um his death, the bullstream and he put his logo on it below you guys probably did it know, is Grant has a sp spend time on that jet right before the end of the year, where's right it off the plane. He called a bowst room, he went around his aacon, called up bullst room, wired them check. 
They delivered the jet, and while many of us were getting ready for Christmas and my Christmas gift, he was taking time to go out on that jet and ran business lines out on that jet. It was terrible. He had to do that because he knew Cession was his situation, I have to link this expense to the pursuit of income. 
What am I gonna do? Just buy a at the last two three weeks in the year and just let us sit? No, I have to use it and I have to link it to the pursuit of income. 
And all of us here today would love to have a list of things that we can just write off with it. But unfortunately, you have to leave your extensis to your business under co section 162A in the master best. Now, I said this earlier that Rand went around his accountant. 
I want to leave you guys here with this last message. There is truly a difference between tax accountants and tax professions, all there is truly big difference between tax accounts and taxress. Most of us in the room aiatedosser tax returns, yes, by show against. 
Okay. Nor CA is most likely theaconerted by the common economy. They went to school to learn how to account for everything that goes into their tax returns with a li amount of the states awful. 
A tax profession tried to all U all day just out to return the task code and fav. and we tell youever the tax code before you go in your his office, like everybody else with a p hol does about the tax return. We home before to go in. Now, the reason why Gramming around this tacon is because of this, he had a huge taxbook that he didn not want to pay. 
He called the person that he would expect to have the answer. You know what the person told him? Rand nothing else we can do. 
What do you think, G? what do you think GC said? There's always something we can do. 
Am I right? There is always something we knew. And even he has a background attack guys, but it're not. 
He has an accounting background. He has a little old round, his accountant studied appreciations, why are the check intate that right off on the statue? I'm wondering where that accountant is today. or what I was saying is is that his understanding of the tax code in was possible allowed for him to make a choice. 
He chose his hand that's why he gets some the tax benefits that he has today because his state. Many of the other people the audience best have a CBA. I know you do. 
CAs are not trained in tax rabbity. I have 24 CAs that work on Chinese. I have 18 tax provisions. 
These people don't speak the same language like people in the completely different parts of the office. They don't speak in the same language by mass accounts are all Jackson County, and they do the whole bookboard thing, and they want to buy the tax return, and I wanna talk to humans. And then my class profession was over here like in law of what's going on, they don't get it, let's explain it again and again and again there is a difference between hiring a taskcom versus hiring a tax profession, a tax account is just the process of doing availableable. okay? 
So when you guys don't calls in on CDA in my family for many years, I did my dad's taxes. you love her tax account because of the work he does. That's okay. It's okay to keep your tax accounted and they do great accounting work. 
But is your CPA doing tax strategy board are you signing and engagement agreement that says, I'm just finding my returns or are you signing an invasion that says, I'm also simultaneously half. You have to ask yourself that. ask strategy is the process of leverage, powerful tax rel like IRC 179 code section 162A bonusreciation, cost segregation study, and you're typically doing this before like enrolled agents, not all CDAs in tax strategy and you'll see more enrolled agents will do tax strategy. And that's because EA's study tax loss in order to pass their tax. 
CA study taxicology to pass their tax money. Now, here is how tax strategies performed. We're gonna go over the exact process of tax strategies perform, and if you guys are interested in getting some help around tax strategy, you guys you be able to visit the exper outside and discuss how you guys get some tax strategy between now and the end of the year. 
If you guys to understand this processor none of us are gonna be able to do tax fund between now and December 31st, and yes, I said December 31st why? Because you only have until December 31st the figure out to Taxville. For many of us, we've been waiting to have that conversation with our CDA and February of March and April. 
The year is already. Any that you want to do to reduce your taxil have already been not. It's like watching it's like watchingape with Tomady. 
We're just sitting back, watching like, what had happened in this football game we gotta go prepare for the next season. So, do you guys wanna save some money, you're gonna go ahead and do tax planning between now and the end of the year. There's six steps toribute actually step number one. 
You gotta get ord. A task professional like me cannot help you if you are not organized. Well, then explain to me what organized means. um so today is what I remember what you the heat per, you have a book he going all the way back to February is when you have your last PNL process. 
We're here in November, but there's task players that are sitting on there right now that may not have their bookkeeping all throughout all the out up to November. It's extremely hard to check out on the and help you say money on taxes. If we don't know for the numbers the tax professional like we can't figure out what you're gonna owe in taxes, that you're not working. 
Well, before we jump into figuring out those strategies we're not doing or how much real estate we need to buy between now and end of the year, or whatship and strategies were to be able to do like places your children on paper. We first should review your prior tax returns. I mean, you wouldn't be really weird that you walked into a doctor's office and the doctor just sat you down, put his hands up to your neck, and said, sounds like you need a monster sil. prettya, you're not gonna look at my height and my weight, my blood pressure, my medical history at all. 
Your task professional needs to live in your prior tax refs that file, not just to live for mistakes, but also because the Iris issued three years to go backwards to reodact. If you have missed opportunities3erm, yes, you can open them up and refild them for a. saving 2022, same name 2021 question, as your tax professional look under the your tax returns and you figure out the opportun you say, if you have. This is where we're gonna have to do a financial audit between now and the end of the year. 
Now, after we look at your priorerrence, someone needs to assess your current situation. this doesn't happen just on your pass returns by the way. When someone is assessing your situation, you're trying to figure out, what is your vision? Are you getting married next year so we're going to a single status and marry well enjoying, the lead years of the move away from somebody? 
That's not the case, are you planning to move out of a high state like California to a no tax state, like Florida, are you planning on bringing on target or cost you wanna have an exit strategy where you wanna exit your business will the next five years? someone asked to assess your situation. This is a conversation that has to happen right now. 
And once that person understands your vision, they rules your income up to today's date, they projected out what you're gonna o or what you would proceed back Marine one if anything. Now it only now are they in a place where they can help you in the right. That was the only time they can do this. 
Someone has to look at their prior returns project out her income for this year 2024 the six weeks drive up to the year. F out what your goals and visions are, whether or not you even believe in retirement accounts of war one days and we shouldn't recommended any of those types of strategies. And what we can do with the time that we have left in the here, for some of us that might be setting on the private family foundation because the IRS will allow for the roll over 30% of your adjust gring card, each your own private family foundation and know you don't have to give all the money away. 
For some of us, I can look at setting up a corporation that's not on the same visal viewer restful operating as a management company so you can shift income outside of yourS cor into an off your sequel corporation that doesn't allow tax returns in the same year dress school. Some of you guys are gonna be doing cost aggregation studies on secondary home because you have a secondary home that you didn't know that you could utilize as a short term rental and we're gonna perform a cost set on. Some of you guys manage your own investment properties and hadn thought about the process of setting up your own management company and try to place your children underneath the management company so they didn't help manage the investment properties. 
Each one of them will have a separate task plan because each one of them has a separate family dynamic with a separate situation. And that's why I actually so continue the conversation with that exact same specialists, he understands your income and businesses like awesomenosis, and you two are working together to figure out how to offset taxes are making my decisions, as you're flying to Florida for this event, as you're thinking about bringing somebody who's not on your business with you, you need your coach on your de. The task man is, myring so long How you guys like that?? 
So, do you guys have a business that doing a million dollars a year of work, we can only probably handle 30 or 40 clients before the end of the year, but if you're interested in having us table at your situation and weens together a plan for you, go to the car andent, and just say, I'm interested in you guys do an attachategy for me and they talk about it, uh, we group. So, as some of you may or may not know, uh, I've been with me for a very long time, 14 years now, uh, since the very beginning, before part of capital, before all this, or social media, uh, startup and I came to work with the company that we had three employees, and I was made $25,00 bucks a month. I moved to LA and wave for my family and friends, uh sle on an air mattress for the first two years that I worked for them. so that was one. 
And I spent producing revenue, and started theating in, and I got to the point where I had 100,000 save you about six months to get a hundred grand saved up. and I was like, terrified, because I was like, what do I do with this money? My parents never taught me, and I don't even think they had a hundred grand in the bank. I haven't nothing about them. 
And so I said, Grant, what do I do with this money? And he goes, give it to me. I was likeMan, I don't know you like that yet. 
But I did, I trusted it and I just said, I'm gonna write you and check for a hundred grand and cleaned out my entire account except for like $3000 bucks, and he put it into a real estate deal, the only people that were investing with at the time were his sisters, uh Elena's mom, his brother, it was likean Ham. So I invested with him and about eight months later, uh you know, I was getting $500 on checks. So that first $500 checks showed up, and I was like, I don't know if this is a good trade. 
You't make the right decision here? And he's like, dude, it just it's a get rich for a sure game, it's not a good rich quick game. So I started getting these checks every month and uh, you know, seven, nine months later, he comes to me and he gives me a check for 40 grand. 
And I was like, what's this for? And he goes, that feel we bought, he improved it, and uh, I went back to the bank in the gave loan on it and so he get this forty grand back. And I'm like, what do I do with this? 
He goes, you know whatever you want? He said, but you don't you're not gonna pay taxes on it. I said, what? 
no taxes. And that was the moment that I was like real estate's magic, so I end up smart until what said, but I gave him that 40 grand plus another hundred, that same deal I put 140 grand into, about nine months, 12 months later, he you check back for 90 grand. I'm like, what happened? 
He said, we did it again. Don't pay tax on that money, and if you're smart, we'll put it in this next deal. And so I've been investating for the last 12 years, uh that I've been making any kind of money with and I put all my money in his deals on over four and a half million dollars invested within to generate. 
I made more money and passive income now than I was making an entire year when it started with him. and this guy has shown me what my parents could or my family could, what my friends could. this guy showed me the way to old true wealth and his through real estate. This guy's got five billion dollars in real estate, raised a billion, five from everyday investors like you and me showing us the way to create financial freedom. $14,000 families rely on him to manage and operate his fourfolio and send out checks every month. He is the man. 
He is the king, the true king of apartments. give it up for Mr. Grantardell., let's go.. We're in the front process of partership where we canrive on the half education, information, deals for everybody and and I wrote uh, uh President Trump and the Harris administration making months ago and the letter that I administered. look, we need't provide all education to all America, we keep giving people money do the, give you access to them, you can give them deduction, but if they don't know how you do you don't know what do whether they' maxim it will not matter. This there that means they justult in this country are spend time gift down decending the time people information of this premium just put in give a moment. is that no, I want bro. 
I could tell that. I feel like I'm pretty decent, right? Okay, so, uh you you can you can Carlton showed you there's a way to play the game, right? 
Now, the question is, are you guys committed to the game. You're you're your biggest expense, your two biggest expenses. while you make money other days, you guys I sit you already work. your biggest expense is the IS, the state, and what. Or the the deflation of the value of the dollar. 
Actually, it's not you shouldn't say the values of the dollar being the valued it's not being the value because it's still up to $100 on it. So they're not changing theation of way. you were selling a product service and it was going down and out, you every day, the FTC would require you to do full disclosure that the value of your product the munishing overtime. Everybody agree with that? 
Okay, $100 it was printed in 1958, since they $10 that's what it was really worth. If it's instead of says in God, we trust, trust in, most you guys go for them, I' like, okay, Gods I be that. So much, the IRS is gonna charge you in in probably close to 40 years. 
If you making a million dollars a year of seven billion dollars a year of net, HTI, adjusting gross income after your expenses, your income payment then, you has some expenses, something exemptions, everybody should be doing that exemptions, you do not need nine kids, but make non exemptions, you literally just take all the exceptions. Okay? That way they go withholding as much from you, you understand? 
I don't need nine children. I just need to claim nonexemption. Now they take less taxes from it, in the year, I I get a a small refund because they work sick month. 
What I'm trying to do is get this down, first thing you guys gotta do is make a commitment to get them your state of California is with the four percent. So you're at 40% on theome if you making a million dollars a year. You're 14,4 the state and then your dollars lose in 20 percent of its value. every four years. 
The guy, you guys think the better glasses a place to do? That's what it looks like. The guy you made a hundred? 
is a hundred percent came in. This is every year or this is every this is every year. party, 14 and 25. What do you have that here? 
15 79%, you left of 21 percent. Do you understand why you're not getting here? You gotta live you gotta you have toamp. you have to made marketgage you does you might earn five percent of the bank, but that's tax you know you tack your tax when you earn it, your tax can will save it, your tax when you're spend it. 
The person that you spend it with is tax the immune. give it to your children, your taxing, pass it on to your like literally you guy your tax you guys are like, well people have to make taxes. nobody in this room should. be like, you proud about not being Texas? I am so crasping. I am I know part of the I the RS. politics. 
Fuck Iris never anything from a band I gotten anything from the hospitalitals, the college, they don't that stuff. They do not the states and don't put the roads, the bridges, the hospitals, the policemen and the ar don't be confused. property taxes do that. Okay, the federal government's funding projects all over this planet that have nothing to do with us. 
Most of it, by the way it worked for us. So I don't want to be participate in that, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna play this game, okay? I'm gonna find an ass I'm gonna find an asset that allows me because I can't have to you know, Itimate the comment about me, you got a Gene wagon or aangero, or anything over about 55,500 pounds. 
Wal still the. This is 6,000 pounds? This has gotta be six guys. 
Is that right? So somebody somebodyack around and said, we're gonna give a tax ride off, what should it six thousand pounds? He said, archer three dollars.. 
So, when I saw the tax it, I like a ship weigh six thousand pounds. so so it's an o Ferrari, I don't have a Ferrari, I don't have a land. you know? I don't have one of thoseask arts superars. You know what? 
I don't have a car bed, I don't have a Camaro, but I have none of that shit. It didn't goigh 6,000 pounds die. I buy to write off. 
What happened? I get a break. I'm committed to my will. 
This is the first part of the will, if you happen to be committed to your well, which are the biggestense? It is not food, flowing children, it is the RS. You guys don't like we have toize. 
Me living in a state of California, I left left there. So, I figure out, what I buy, what can I invest in, if I invest in a stock, do I get up in do not? No, I don't. bye bye, go. 
I ended up? No, if I buy sober, do I get anroduction? If I put my money in a mutual, do I get an introduction? 
No, I do not. I put my money in a 401k or Roth or an RA. I could have beenuction to the No, I avoid paying taxes on that today. 
But I don't get a deduction. I'm looking for a duction right? I'm looking to get this 40% that they with it. 
Robert Shield's had an AGI actuallycept million dollars. He lives in Texas. Seven million dollars he's in have 2.8 million dollars in federal taxes. 
Is that that right? Probably? work? 
What do you think about? This isn't property taxes, by the way. It's pay property and taxes did by he's paying sales taxes, car taxes, insurers taxes, everything he' spent money on taxes, he's paying his fear. 
I paying $40 million last year Robert taxes. Am I doing that more?, where I pay profit taxes. Where I own? 
I didn't pay any property taxes in DC. I don't own property in DC. If I own property in DC, I pay taxes it. Our investor are paying or contributing to the property taxes that on billion dollars for property taxes. or taxes in $5 billion is being going out at where we contest property or we're supporting the local. I have I have a building right here now. 
We support amateur. Mrs. Aatur. We support ad. 
I do not support O McDonald and the. Isre not doing anything? Let me do nothing, but I keep my money, let me invest. 
I want to maximize and I money. So Roberts got an AGI, an AGI was pack. Maybe he made $60 million in his business and $9 million in expenses and walks away with that. 
Somewhere 2.8 million or about 40% of that, maybe a little more than that, more or less. He's gonna have to write a check at the in the year 2.8 million, less whatever they withheld from him. they won't even trust him. How many you have a withheld it because they don't trust. every quarter they withheold, you don't withhold it, they penalize it. 
If you mess this up, they penalize, okay? Every? spend miss out at all? 
How many of you just stop that Robert has to pay that? Like there two of you guys get up, he has to pay it and don't wait until you have to pay it, but like. And if I go look it out the computer, I have taxes. 
The Robert has to pay taxes. So what what what is what does he do? So we can literally take, okay? 
He's got a business as already well. What do you have the best move? How much do you have invested? 
is it oh, five? You're not Yeah, it's not. So, so what I'm trying to do is get this, what am I trying to do with this to one million? 
Because you guys need just go back, G Maxs. can't go back in right. You're gonna have 10 rainrokes out there that you got any shirt. right? You can't keep my jets. 
You can you can do a jet once or three years or something, and then you're looking like, what I I gotta keep fuel, I got shelter and I gotta hanger it. I gotta have pots score and I got an insured like, you don't think that you're gonna go out by a ghost screen every time you got a tax on. That's been terrible idea. 
So what what could I buy because it needs to fund itself? right? I can't do stops just go down the list. 
Can't you stop're going my good to be. I don't get an appreciation. I'm trying this, right now, I'm trying to get rid of this, okay?? 
First thing, I want an income. second thing I wanna do, I wanna reduce my expens. if you I wanna do is got money left or driving gas. So what could he you need money to do this? You gotta have money? 
You don't have money canidates. So, the first thing is earn income, you have to keep your income. I gotta get my income of all way to the number one thing is I gotta have income, keep my cost of living down, invest in assets, not bracelets. 
I can't write off the watch. But what can I? And then you this is how I been real estate, and that's what I're talking about right now, okay? 
And I thought it was perfect after after Carlton show you I buy a hotel or an office they are an apartment room. I really don't care which one, which one I I't about one is the best for me and requires a place amount of kind of energy. Okay? 
The hotel comes to break right off and a lot of problems. Now I got big Marriott Weston Hyatt right. I'm in the hotel just on a business. 
I'm having served well. I got a lot of staff, I probably got a officeope. come with very little depreciation model and tremendous amount of that I' seen a lot of people losing hotel or losing money on hotels, because a hotel costs central minutes and amount of money to improve. This little beast right here, industrial, we got industrial, littleid cove industrial, warehousees, empty buildings. 
They don't come with a lot of rightouts, because they're basically empty buildings, but they're restaurants like that. This one right here is a beast, it's a part of us, okay? provides housing, and provides income, it provides tremendous appreciation, Carlton children at rap, refrigerator, oven, of Edwards, roofs, and gutters, all that stuff can be depreciated. 
And so what we do remember this two8 million. That's what we're running and rid of the, right? guys? 
I'm about a three00 I'm about a 1220 million dollar building right now. $120 million building. I can buy that building, okay, because it'out point I running a month, one of them maybe, but I can't buy three, four, five, six, seven, 42 My bull hundreds of these. So, every time I buy one of these, this building a typicallyomes to all uh, about quarter percent, 40 in this case, 48 million worth of tax by less. 
I take $120 million to worth of money cash, which is doable. Going down, like with this money at this money right here. I't gonna have it or I have friends at that. 
So save this whole room bought this one go. I could have just kept the money. I could have just told you guys., just give me 1220 million, we'll get hundred0 people to give you a million dollars an out this whole run. 
What's the problem with that? it's gonna go down the volume. 40 years, 1209 four years after that's been about 72 million. Four years after that's about 60 million. 
This is not gonna stop. How many were50 yet? How many are one58 or I come there might be your money lost that needs 50% of this valueues. 
If you were one after 2, I'm sorry of a 14,000, you plus 50% of the value of that dollar. Hey, you converted that money, okay? And anything, you almost anything hard go siloin, you would explore the Bitcoin. 
Any they cannot be printed scale or build, maybe a house. The problem is, most of these bill do wonderful cash car. You have to find something that's an a page you can sit in it. 
You understand? Because you want what you wanna do is if you wanted to figure about the second income, Robert should not just go for reducing his tax bill. the that is what the world would be I'm gonna reduce my tax bill, and I'm going to get a second passive income. without earning income. The best money in the world has not earned. 
It's pastive. You follow, I' I trade time for money, I go to the marketplace, and I trade time for money, so I give me a million dollars to do so. Or I earn a million dollars in income, but I took a million dollars in investment which one of these do you guys like most? 
No, the answer is both. the one you want is both, I wanna be earning them, because I I do wanna be a productive member of society. I want all work. I want exchange with people, I' my. 
I' the love work. I just want to work on this stuff. and the other one is, hey, I is over here to work. This is what all the world. is never st than you. 
An appleuter color. Last year, last year, look up the side of the salary about Cocaola CO Coca, and fit in bucks. The salary of the gad works and runsocola every day next 50 to 50 million dollars. 
War runs makes 600 million. total comp was $25 million.uck probably 500 million when he's never done a liard. Who' you guys want to make worker, the CEO or you one million invest? You got become?. 
I'm gonna try toipe out this8 million dollar bill. If you could buy that number, my .4 I think that's gonna give me there. I'm trying to figure out what Robert Keith and best. to wipe that bill up to and about about a point for seven million with that $7 million that? 
I'm send that's not gonna do it. It's not gonna quite get there, but it's gonna give you, it might be inter actually, but if these are professional real estate investor and takes Carlton's advice, I'm gonna get about 2.8 million of that. as a loss in year one. and a $7 million in just invested is gonna earn in $350,000 bucks. So he's earning $30,000 a month to get a right off. 
His tax bill, if I'm doing a that right, okay, this is not tax advice, I'. But if I' doing that if this is right, I close to right, it's 2.8 million tax bill. We can be at $2.8 million in, but I'm gonna give them a tax right off at the end of the year 2.8 million and his new taxability zero is a professional Northate invest. or some his household is a professional real estate trust. 
And the better part of that stories is now earning 30,000 a month, for passive and gone, and that asset is sitting there and as we more money by the way, Anthony was talking to Charlie this morning about, why isitcoin gone up so much in the last 50 or 60 days? As we continue to print money as China prints money, as Mexico prints money is Canada print money. as we continue to print money and companies like Microsoft store up and save your money and it has no way to with the value that money. It down. 
How about the box? How about the state of Pennsylvania that has cash or the state of California that has a surplus, or Florida that has a surplus? With more and more of these governments wake up and say, where we put in this money? 
we're already investing in real estate, they're gonna start taking that money and they're gonna start buyitcoin rather than cash because they realize they realized the money's die. okay? The point is what, you guys have a big asset. You wanna get you gotta pick one, two, and three we asset classes and go hard up. 
Don't be in 300 asset classes. The diversification thing has been sold to the public to make Wall Street ri. You're diversified, average world1 pet it's got a million dollars in it will be invested in $150 stocks. 
Then you have a million dollars, and you have a long chance of down that money you grow and you not want to be anonym stocks or 50 stocks. or even 25 stocks, they have you to get rich of this planet hard in one or two or three. How many investments Elon Mus? X' X. Tesla. boring. 
Scarlet.ure, he runs ball forrosov and he has no other residence. And it was that could go on his bounds, she could he does my cash. How many houses does he have? 
this guy flow and got plenty of friends staying at my love. house else's. better than somebody else's the president's house. writing. trying to get rid of this and the guys were $300 bill and you guys are worried about keeping in your house. Your properties are screwed up,ugs. No, fans. 
Steve jobs out of one home and go life warm up at own one one house is the entire life.. Steve Jobs had two stocks. warmed up and made all this money and one stock. He had so much money paid off that one stock guy though that he had to buy a seven stock. and then he ended up with a major position and the government wouldn't let him buy any more of that stocks so he advisor stock. 
The next day, was a major positions, he taps out that position, you're walking into the casino called Wall Street, and you're making 100 beds. If you walk into the M brand or you walked in anide bed, and you walked into Wind hotel or any of these casinos, the hard rock casino, and you put a bed on a hundred tables, and how many bets will you lose? If you gonna lose most them? 
okay? There's a whale in the rivers. one good player in the room that is gonna make money in that casina, and they limit his bets. Why don't they have a limit on that table? 
Because they know that that one will they crack the entire cino, where they' big enough set. But a bunch of little players cannot crack the cina, you understand? So my suggestion to you by somebody or in yield that you can investment. 
They can reduce your tax. When I buy something that has got, that's got hundred million and activate40 million right off of the federal government and I still on asset that's worth a hundred billion. And that asset pays me $5 billion dollars a year to own that asset, I'm earning five. 
I pay for it, I get a deduction. I'm basically in the deal at 60, I'm earning five million a year to keep it in the rents are gonna go up. How many believe rents will go up to the next decade. 
In the decade after that, what you think they're gonna do? In the decade after that. What do you think the rents of thisonsibility in about if there are two rents that what do you think they'll be in in, what do mean? 
What 24, 34, 44? What do you think they're there two50? What do you think the rent would be American? 
Just write a number now. averageverage rent today is about $2000. in America. This is average rent thous where the not a great view probably not looking at the water. It's not brand new, I'll just give you a little hint. 
They're about $6,000 in Northern California, soon Valley, or 5,700 bucks in New York City. Okay, one bedroomeran in 24 years when you're ready to repire, what do you think of rents in America? Say? 
$7500 I got a 75 anybody put down more than 75 let down. What't you put it down sir? $12,000 How did you been a Sydney Australia, London, or or Singapore? 
I could I could turn you $12,000 week. Where is my inseive? Ron? 
What is your right now? today, $11,000. He 11,000 a month get this mand 11 minutes he think he still in the property in still. 
Why is it still one? Is the condo's worth over $3 million in it would cost me $25 grand per month to to to rent it or to own it? own it? 
HB insurance, by the way the insurance has exploded in this battery. Okay? you're having people. my brother, my brother's in Saint his insurance, 5,800 bucks a year, they want $19,000 in Europe for insurance. 
So it went up almost four times. What are you get it out pay your insurance? If you don't pay your insurance, you can't get your market. right? 
So now I'm not telling you that because it's money is printed as we rent money, as the printer goes off, okay? to keep up with the value what happens to the rent. The rent. and rent interaction not going up. value of what you're money by goes down. 
This is what Bitcoin will put to up, and as that will go, at every time you guys on have on that, you talk to you about why this is, every time you hit the pre crops, who' investor in the stock marketer. Every time I print 10% of the money supply, you have to make 15% invest you bought. You're not keeping up with the most. 
If you're only six or seven or eight percent on a piece of paper that you can't write off you're not keeping enough that not a print. warmmed up and said inflation the most complex, most complex, most misunderstood concept, because it's invisible, and this is what it is called an invisible tax, you don't see it robbing youwhere. How many of you feel like this? Okay. 
So where can you go where theyread money, you would benefit Just come over three assets. Three things you could buy. When you benefit, if they print. real safe one of them. 
Not a realisticate. I can show you all these buildings where 100 million that will sell for less than $10 million to year. Not all all, not all real estate will be. 
Your house right now. your house is not a great investment right now because you can't sell it. Housing sales today are lower than they were in 2000. They may be back to 1995. 
Wow, because the market you need a marbage for that transaction penized. The interest rates or mortgages for a high those have to come down to 4 percent when they come down of 4 percent, how fre up again and they'll have to change their housing. But the problem with housing the out thatic cash flow, you cash flow val, you have to pay that house.. 
How many of you own a home? Good, you own a home, love your home, raise the kids at a home. And some point you're gonna hit your off. draft in your house has some equity in the strap, equity's not working. 
It's not growing, it's not paying you, funding it, and it's the roof breaks, the plumbing b breaks, the law needs to be moved. property taxes need to be made. love the place we manage it's a lot of work. okay? This, this real estate right here, who's paying the bills here? Who's paying the next? 
Lutenance, who's paying, who's paying the insurance? Lieutenants, who's paying for thereases of everything? The tenants, the bedugs, front rights, the tenants, the toilets, the problems, the taxes, and all of it being funded by the tenant, the can't afford to owning anything. because it's too expensive and or, by the way, 83% check this out. 
8.3% of all winners in America today. I'm sorry, of all millionaires in America today, 83% of all the rental stock is owned by the being women by millionaire second. Rzy is actually becoming a choice, a way to live that is desirable because people can now have their money. 
They now hanged by a house, the freedom to move around, they can have that money invested in the NASDA SM 500 Bitcoin, or another real estate real estate cash flows. So, I'm just telling you, if you wanna take advantage of one, you get the best about the world, what do you want? You really want number one and your credit wealth, what's the number one world? 
What does War in the number one rule is?? All right. take a notes to that, number one rope, go, lose money. Hey, you look at the app, that's the number one rule that you' wanna know where you violated the number one rule. 
How many of the rules you in the room think you're violating rule number one. If I leave money in my pocket and I lose it, all I have to go home tonight, my wife sees it, I' I on the shell, the water money magically go. She never.'s mine, what she has is mine. 
I dryer shoes on, she think she thinks that weird. money on that's where it is. So, how can you not those money? You can take that money and you're like, I gotta give away from my wife. 
Bank of America, I'm let us sit back to America. You guys that you're losing money when you leaving a bank of America. The same thing is they losing proposition. you could you could save money you can put on 12 15% on it back. 
You're not you're not you're saving money. You're losing money. saving is on losing propition. It is impossible to save money. 
So, number one, I don't want to lose money, so where am I gonna put it? I got to figure out like, where's that place? There's only a handful of places to put money in not los. 
Second thing you'd like to have is fast. I don't wanna put the money in something where I don't get paid. I'd like to have a little reminder that I did something. 
I mean you like that have a little, it's funny, boom like get a little check. Last one who sent seven million dollars for our invest. How many of you got a check from me last month? 
best money in the world, best customer in the world that investor for. The best thing I've ever got in my entire career is send money to investments. Every on the 15th of the month people let me see a hand again if I sent you money last time. 
Just give me ain X I sent you some money. god damn, that's my boy. Okay, we got Catholics, Protestants, Baptists, uh Muslims, uh Jewish people. We got atheists and Gnostic praying for me.. and we got people make don like, I love this man, okay? 
We got people trying to trash me on the Internet, you go, how much do I see the last? You live up here., you all one way, almost way developed.enty. love me. wants to scr. How would you like to get $22 grand? 
So, he's not losing money. I mean, he did lose the money, 100% of the money that he gave me went to a building. 100%, we don't take any big out, we don't hold anything out, whatever happens for the building, we transfer into that exact hassle. where partners and nephew. No middleman, no brokers, I've raised more money doing this directly Republican, any human being class. 
I' good is what Black black rock. We are so successful, this that these guys are gonna try to do. The problem is Larry F and Black rock will never sp spend five minutes when anybody knew.? 
He liked to. He' liked to be when he come up here and talk to him but he'll fucking he never do. same thing with Jamie and Jamie and he come to talk to you guys. Okay, the guy that runs name of America, and he never did this good a second with anybody in this room. 
You know what? he's too good for you guys. The way it works, they got their little, they got their little tool of people, a handful of people control all the assets in there. 
And what we did was we decided to know grab those assets by assets from institutions and do with regularly intro value with the for that not just complained about it, like, you guys be complain, you can vote, and do whatever you want, oh, Trump Hill change something things. And the rest is up to us. You guys got a chance the rest of closely, first way, that is to decide to get rich. ain't nobody gonna listen to you you before. you can useice you should do this. a fat man gonna tell me how to lose what. 
Hey listen to you, bro. okay? You' had three divorces, and you' go tell me how to have an air. you've got two kids in a drug addict and you're gonna teach me how to raise my kids. Like, you can't do that, man. 
People miss in a successful people. you guys have to become successful. If you wanna help your demediate, the best thing you can do is become successful, you can get trouble some period attack, take all in 25,25, and said this year I'm gonna work. And once you help yourselfreedy, be selfish. 
On you help yourself, take care of yourself and what about your hand and your grandma and your brother in law and all the other dead things in your life. you guys how many have you guys in their deats in your life? Okay? You can't help those people. hope will help yourself. 
They're not gonna even mess the chicken right now. They're like a file a new rope. My my family members took forever to get on board with me. 
I had to make my sister invest with me. She remembers when she was she was 10 years old and I have been born, and she was wiped in my butt. When I come to her 25 years later, when I've got this great deal, what does she say? 
She' say I remember when your neck was this bitty.. blown up on you, playing when you brother, you got a twin brother, you're playing with his tally whacking. you. I'm trying to talk her about not losing money, cash flow and a and I get the red road. Now I get rhyth road. okay? 
rent row the rentug goes up without your property goes up. and then what do I did have a 14 year' looking for is you looking for what? I'm not looking to hit rich with I'm looking and getting rich or sure. And all I ever do, folks will tell me what I'm doing. 
I'm not I'm not ever going to tell you guys anything I'm not it's not working. I do something that doesn't work, like something wasn't anymore. I do something that does work and share that people when you go to visit side. that when they' we're looking at how an at a public version this, we know public with stuff. 
There' 70,000 because I'm starting to work for other people, the reason we have in these two days is they need to get access to other people behind the scenes, I'm like they show me how to how buy. I wanna make this move right now. I do I not? 
You gotta get around the right people to do this stuff. So, we want to thank you guys for something your day and you know, and the way this is what people sharing it whether it even it to myself, we share I mean, you guys start thinking different host, right? So, your job, your exercise and they said, you need to find an answer. 
First of all, how much money do you have? You should you should summarize how much money you have said that 401 effects IRA sets Roth. equity in your home and passing your list. There's probably seven categories where you have. 
You should put together and look at one that she where it is blue sky where it is my on. that I say that money is about. nobody do not. You need cash. need this one to take care of your bursts. This is what pays for all hours. 
Okay? The 90 day plan has another 90 day plan can be three months. How many you total have three months to say it? 
Okay, who told you that?, your grandbotherhered, your mom, your dad? Who told you? who took you to? 
Dave Brans, who told Dave? Jeff, who told him who what, where where did this start? Who benefits would save your life? 
I had it? Do you think the banksacks would save money? No. 
No, they't. As soon as you dropped the money off, b, they send out an ad. you dropped in a million, they send out and dollars. That you an investors. 
Wow, because the moment they send the money out, it becomes with an asset on their balance sheet. the balance sheet of a bank is a reverse of a balanc sheet that you have. You believe the money is safe in the bank, but the truth is banks are the most unsafe place to leave money on clatter. It's so unsafe they don't leave it there. 
It's so unsafe. I went to Bank of America and said I want to borrow $100 million to my real estate. They'd be like, okay, well'll give you the loan on $100 million bill estate. as long as it goes well. cash for. 
I say, yeah, but what I really like to do is just borrow $100 million money and buy a bank of America stock. What would they say? Get out of. 
See me we ain't gonna lend you money for our stock. that should tell you everything right there, folks. Average company in America last seven years ago. All those companies in the National about in the NASA, the average company will last seven years been shrink. 
How long will this this bit last? Number one, don't lose money, number two I't cash flow, how many you need passing money? Number three, I need rentth I want see that cash flow over time, number four, I will want a appreciation over long periods of time, okay? 
And number five, okay, number five, I like another pass on. That's what we're doing five, we love to have you and best with us and you invest real estate wheels that to us all. We don't lose money, we just pay 500 million for four deals. 
I don't know if so over all. just bought this for $3007 million. We bought that deal right there, don't go next. Finx is down the same same word above over this over acid insuranceomb where90 billion dollars. 
We're about from institutions, both of these bill sc cash below bought tinx flag road by that problem same same group of same route. one group, three meals, um, all of them castos, all of them accompliches, we don't lose our money. I I took my money and I moved it over here to these assets. Okay, now, I have lost my money. 
I mean, it's go on the cash. But remember if I say that I was, right, I? all I' is trading cash forASA. that I don't have to have two cash loads on those three years, we get $25 million a cash flow on those new bills. 
Get cash. And we'll distribute the guar 25 act customers. We get rent road, when the sheer probably not. next year, probably not, 27, massive rentope. 27, 28, 29, this country whatever you're screaming about right now and you're you're gonna be like losing your mind 28. 
Right? So because rent's gonna be 3500 by. Then we get long term appreciation, but the thing that I left off is one thing was the other thing that I got a deal when I bought the last. and I tax right. 
On the $500 million with the real estate, we bought this year we think our tax right off is here that we will pass on our investors will be about $200 million. For you make a decision for us to have cash flow, not lose our money to get rent broke, appreciation, and the last one is to write it all from the IRS and produc taxes to. So that's what we're doing in part of capital and this is a well spategy, there's a whole bunch of other things we're gonna do, we're gonna take a part on the capital problems to tell, we're probably gonna take that company in public you the next little bit. 
We're gonna put all ourze set, we've got 42 assets, population dollars with assets, put it in a re. We'll paper out to the marketplace, we'll get tremendous levels, and then we can even look into the afternoon and future with a real estate bitcoin fund orre investigated this right now to figure out how good let me just see who would be interested in this. We bought a piece of real estate, listen to the offer. it is going to cash flow. before you raise your mail intended yes. 
I go. um we back some real estate bre a real estate institutional quality in our distributions now go to, not back to you, but we got that for him with the distributionions. This would be for people that you live without the cash flow. so we use real estate to make this other bet, and you're probably not making anyway. How many years old one?? 
Well, I mean how many you do not own good point? So, this has been through we're doing when you come of rooms like this, we basically you never got an event that with this before. how many of you have never been allowed on that was? How many of you did not know who I was witness we did? 
You never even heard that. Anyway, anybody ever, this man over here? originated in something? 
Never. Never heard of it. ever How the fucking get over here. roof, bro. What do you doing here? 
What like on these roof. What? I you do, you know I am. 
No, I do not know. You don't recognize a voice? No. 
The bad job I need. She has to be up for her better than the God, here. She' this guy gonna be more money than anybody else. 
Sit down. So, what we do, what we do is like this and we build a big audience by supposed to help to have eight million people that might not, okay? across the world and and then help a hand that one do something wood. 
J, where's? We're here to help you, we're here to what' supposed to we go about, 100 workshops a year sales, marketing, staling, people, leadership, uh, scaling is buying business, uh real estate advanc, real estate workshops, we have real estate clubs, we're here to help you you've never got anything with us. just make sure that you're mixing it up, uh both with the network of people here that all gonna do better., give you something. employees right in Miami, what you this chair plans is by the president of the company one of the train technologies our educational on of an easier, uh, so'll be open next days to be great schedule for the.. How you guys glad you came on your X? 
25% of the way. So we're just getting all in here. Uh, but I mentioned in over the last year, we get a lot ofress about doing this specific type of men. so for the last nine months, we've been putting this event together and figuring out how else we can helping with the mention tax strategy that other ways., but what we wanted to do was we wanted to create a a program where people can participate with us throughout the year, focus just on multip investig. 
We are creating our 10x wealth club, and this is gonna be root of people that are interested in wealth building, from private activity US state, and use an options, and stock trading in the markets, attach strategy like you learn from. Carlton, life insurance, how does that have trust so that you guys have protection and pay less and tax when wealth transfers through, and so we put together a program where for 12 months, you guys are gonna work with us. every single month, we're gonna have calls, we're gonna have special guests, you, single month has so, you, we're gonna be twice a year and look for all on. There is the one day event for the number of the time more and we're gonna have guest feeds for each of the five that I' talked about for was, uh today and we' tomorrow. 
Uh, additionally you're gonna get math my calls for every month, you're gonna be with an expert, uh, who's gonna come and sleep on that I call on uh specific task that I' like to say, uh, we don't down and on some of these problems. So when we get the lot of the balls, you're also gonna get access probably, have that we wanted to put this in here because some through is 2503 year, and all the get together there wereenda, they benef. Thank you.
“


Part 2:
“America is a better optory and see. Imagine imagine these circum citizens, okay?arm. 
And and they just moved into your town. You're the mayor. actually.. What would they do to reach out to? 
What would you most want to hear from a new citizen, new business owner, a new investor in the local community, so that they extreme a relationship with the man? maybe someone never try this people realize that'sable, so you can you can message Instagram or on Twitter, you can uh text them as cellones pretty readily available. But what I get is a lot of concerns about quality measures. 
So, if a permit takes on, you're trying to build build out your business or interior building, as mom answer will get a text message to so for an email here. the thing by my. If there's garage in an or a mattress or something, I add a screenshot like, hey, you getank course. I think you know, we are one of the governments might be signalismat and yes, so we we want to be truly smart signal, right? 
It's that one in the two bill our corporation with 400 employees and four intel which one happen an intellig ecosystem don't have an intelligent. question what do you about. business or being there. Oh really? And I'll tell you why because you know, look, I think I think there's a lot harder you on here because you're so much focused, uh there's so much more, um that you have to overcome to be successful. 
The scene for in theater any we not, except actually, you get it the better and then it should theoryending efficient in the fact, right in the course, would you magnate or magnate in a way that promotes arms as opposed to get to the way. Most of the time areating the way, the way products. So, have you, we can be a you know rich to success, we wanna be a bridge of success. 
We don't wanna get a better of the system. and that oftentimes we really stands in the good systems. If you, if you were running this city for the governor of capital, I'm just take. I say that the governor had been transported to the state. was the first she could do after the executing of this spot. what's the first in? 
Well, the first thing I went to do is keep. That's the first. I had a co and this. 
I saidon Musk. I would be on the other side I say, no, no.. because by the way, it's not just about, and not as the riche guy in the world.ens what I mean what is this a messenger side? I mean, if you build an innovative company, the same thing combinated more with the anide products. say William Amazonutral products, and they say, well, that after William, your wife here, you talking if you weren gonna take, right, a million dollars said, no. 
It's sign fact, if you want to a our ecosystem, we don't. If you wanna build the most inated country companies in the world, we don't. So forget about that one senior decision, what do you tell the rest of the world? 
What's a signal that you send to the rest of the world? legal mon innovation? It's not say that. 
And so that's the first thing. The second thing I is I start producing taxes and states like New York or cities like in World or states in California, and you look at the tax differential. could 14.4% 144.4%. used to be able toeral taxes. Trump changed that and you can't that deduction you can't invent it more so it really, really badistic like that's much more efficient. 
Just to give you statistics on efficiency, the budget of the steel York, which we just sort of sort of surpassed in combination right 22 million flurid dispass American population or third largest, Europe not fourth largest. So we have a clear combination the budget half the budget New York's budget is twice the size of the state floor. So evidence that capital, every New Yorker is paying twice as much. 
To be a New Yorker, you better pay love New York, whether it' gonna be amazing. You can visit. They're crying. they're super safe garbage right? 
So, so I would say that would be number two, and then I think uhuced that reduce taxes mean off of the tax uh subsequent, um, you know, not saying, no to, you know, do main, um, you know your main flagist name. I think you also a controversial over Suckerberg gave $100 million in the hot store. you know, in the hospital and then it to it. And I think the first thing in this, right? 
So man is a law in order were pro enforcement. It never used to be controversial, this never used to be something that was a bad new issue. you know, it was just a an American battle in America and follow off, and follow part of the game, right? If you want to change the halls, go for, welcome to change balls. 
But I think cities that San Francisco to cities, what I hear what I reflect, I hear most applicable here is howness, a lot of crime and violent crime in Miami and also the statistics is 19 how many of you maybe were on in 1980, 1989, 220 murders.s two murders three days in Miami. I'm giving you this back. and there is something to come through and everybody loves each other. whether it's great. Everything is perfect there. 
Oh, no, we made it that way. So last year the 25% more combination than it in 1980, we had 31 homicides. That is a 90% reduction, most 10 to more production. 90% this year is it today, 31, 24, 1982,000. 
Now, for rock up and my property dance up. You were? You protest, you protest this by the one? 
you want me to exercise a person that you or somebody? Are you ding on business? You goail? 
I'm. and I're not gonna send in that no cash mail or caught the same? It's not gonna be you know, some of no, you're gonna you. You're gonna be a price for what you've done. how much is this got a good politics. 
It's common sense stuff guys. it's that's. It's not common anymore. the answer. how much I don't too much how much good in the boards? We are one of the largest carboards in the world. we get a lot from South America, uh particularly from Colville. 
Do you only get Brazilians in the house and a lot from coming in Brazil, a lot from South America, uh we get a lot of Europe. obviously, we're now seeing a lot of investment around the US and fle some of the cities that' talked about. And then we're getting more from the Middle East than I think think what I like to see in my lifetime is direct to Asia, I think into directly Asiarist hassidized subsidized, you know. So the problem is, if they come into our market without subsidized product, they can't completely. 
So Tes on, right, revolution, electric vehic market and they asked to order. comessiditive, not billions and trillions of dollars to China and they're taking away from a company who has not very competete fair basis. I believe it's on anry where you want to protect the competitive advantage of its country is acknowled by the gi250 billion from every single utus. to mention the 500 billion trade.50 billion you like the rubber rubber rub it up and there two put a chair and suddenly go to $222. you? I think we live number? 
Or that we coulducks? Or unless or what's gonna happen is a certain producerux in Mexico start producerodux in are products. somebody record labor ourory into the next generation. I think when you think about the context of races integration is that in our ownhere to some large in China, right become increasingly un of the United States, start creating prosphere partnership of our standing.. 
I' dads in seven yearsual. I' a long time. One of the things I' is veryial. 
The line up, particularly hiring yet, and so we're sort of making is just telling our work, time our work on the minimum component, a lot of time it comes together for you to end away the natural risk like presidency government's risk. So what is your last of in, one piece of advice you give them to add value to their city as a business or how can they investound into the city? You between the main part of. 
And then the second part is, you know, could not just the set of stuff and become is that you back all multiple times you all and it move to. And so, you know, you are the uns, but the other thing I would say this more personal is we live in an era and this town it is a social work because it's about personal development. We live in an era where there should be no for lack ofine personal development, whether it'sic in the, whether it's intellectual growth, you're not defined out what school went to, you're not defined as well. 
You're defined by how effort you put into your own personal love. period full stuff and you should never ever stop. You should always charm yourself, you should always push yourself, obviously one to be a man, want to be a good, a good husband or wife's house where but I also think should focus big of your time on personal.ice would be in the room, including, would interested in politics.., I didn't business, that's.. my first piece of advice would be a, right? There are two billion left c, hundred million RNC left left at the state and four and a half spends six trillion like the federal government needs two people to throw democracyends for good people, what our enemies that? 
enemies know that theryptonite to the democracy is division. So the more that they can push division on and are multiple of different ways, create chaos, get asbed with each other, the more successfully are our infiltrating and diminishing our system of government our real life. So, as we grow and progress andature, we have to be able to find ways to block that figure that sort of infiltration you will. 
So I think that's part of it. I think the second part of is we have to know about courage. Listen, you're building a business, it takes courage. 
You're dealing with incredible risks, you're doing something your life seems all, and you're hoping that it works whatever your idea is, something that doesn't work, you you an up and you do that. is why I love the whole other' never really hit by. part of it is you get up, dust yourself off and you keep going because you don't know what you. And any for public policy for service, it is I would call and 15 years later or six years and the answer was, yes, because I think I made a real difference. I' able to help built the ecosystem that I love that I was born and, you know, basically up hospital. 
I'm guilty this as I said and uh criticized politicians. you know. Yeah, and then I heard that have not a politician, yet, you were talking about criticism back, you got a criticism, the rumors that he what advice would we give this art when it comes? Because if you guys are gonna be successful somewhere around that structrum was successful, the hate has come you just want to talk we were talking about this as a huge this is a huge issue we' today's meeting. 
I was I' giving you two pieces of advice. One is some sort of complement. It was always about faith in in other words. faith help me center, my mission and and and sort of calibrate admission to my execution on a baby basis. 
I think I tried to take it into the next level of meditation and I'm a firm that I have to understand that itract from your conscious writing about conscious or not, your program, and your conscious ming what executes the program, right? The rap is wrong. And doesn' find ways to be able to repro you grow up with all kinds of naked signals, right? 
Whe it's you know, people who are good enough people toast what they go to the school, whatever whatever it is, right? So when you get hate, the hate hits those nerves, it hits those nerves, those nerves that are already, notices, they' they'll jump out and so many different until they when itch.ger. And so I would say your faith, your family and meditation as a of learning on reprogram programgram, and and and deal with a listen, the second thing I would say is we talk about in about is to understand. 
But you will hate you, it's actually a cock and it is, because what you're doing your your are recognizing that what you do matter so much that in events them, right now so much, you know, fuck it up and I being so completely, fucking like a young, stat, conservative bob or something. Right? Wherever is is the opposite of those things, things, oh my God, this guy is the done. 
Were right? Because I am opposite by the categories that yourself on matter. But that's what society does that's. 
They did first and then the second thing they do is they see more set of. If it does, then they're desensitized so we don't seem as it could be more.. Francis, that we''re laugh. they don't seem even as a human be, which is why to be soicious, if you if you're time in an added object, you're not worried about hurting the feet, you time you're time a person, a real flesh of the person, you worry about being civil thinking would have mix straight. 
So it's's it's it's unfortunately we with and his com, and I hope it comes you guys, I hope you guys are populating and as much haters and criticism. I don't know has ever been successful't say it't. That's true. 
I mean that's true. And you learn how to the intertles it's got a lot of energy. If you hate that oftentimes it' because, you know, you have to be so level where people have to eat because it offends their success. 
What do you think what state is gonna be the biggest benefitary of this election? What single are the be the steps? I using? 
Well, for the first Texas side. I mean it's a no. I missior I am here, what we we're doing differently in Florida and specifically is we're precious asset. most precious is not opport in. most precious in the one that we all had comment solve myself includ, it's your time. 
To me it's more valu not how much paid to the year, you paid the ultimate price to the year. You gave us your most precious acid. You give us something you're never gonna get back. 
The money you will make, you'll make the money only ten times what. It's not the hunt that is that has to no limit. You gave me your fin ass of your time. 
That's really the most precious asset that you guys gave in. I'm gonna tell you this forward when you get out of here, think about how you spend that acet, particularly as you get older, because that as it gets more more impressed. So, I think Miami does the best job of creating offerings, whether it's formula one, whether it's sports or its culture, whether it's public areas, whether it's no task for whichch weather, whatever it is, it's far contin to give you the best bal team to turn on times. 
What do you think what do you think about a real estate not real estate in Florida, what you think about a real estate, how far is it real estate wow they continue to go up and down, wow continue to go cancer in the so easy. So easy this. I won't the only one the only more water in the right. 
I only only real estate a big one, that's it. I thought, yeah, I tell you. So, I'll tell you this, and by the way, I just a I want invest in the future and, you know, in companies that are growing and it's the odd are that's all I got. 
When I was elected in 2017, I9, when I was elected to not 17 major, seven years old, the value of all operating the city in Miami all the prof is $40 million by all and eight 100 bill, so it's 150 increase in seven years, okay? That is just value appreciation and a new robbery creation. That is that the industry that comes from that's that's the what common would say the unrealized means. part of that part of that 40,000. 
The part of that I think are anymore. That's true. forget about.. So you know, that the morning you came 100 partially because of the of theenty of paper.? 
There. also, does be a. I mean, from California at record rates, uh Minnesota, it was demanded, it was money supply, and it was actual supply, and it would build the time. So what function is considered that what you talk about the office buildings where you have scaling around country, and is getting the highest streets in the entire nation, including New York. 
I mean just a few years ago, three or four years ago, you could get all space in for square foot. Today in old buildings is hard in older goats. In co growth, there is zero zero, like something. 
So, um, you know, that's obviously huge driver prices and we have to continue to supply we we can'tope, like I said, ten x. So we have a beautiful future head, we just have to continue to monetize our problemss for Adam set, which is, you know, a proomism, a prong enforcement or pro er low taxes, the safety and organ innoation. That's all we do. 
And any of you wanna go down to Florida, this is gonna be your new friend and you there and welcome here you like. Ladies and gentlemen, what is it here? You guys? 
I'm interrup here I'm not. How many room have critic? How many of you actually eight oppositions and you imagine actually no.. 
Anyway, okay, I'm the only person who can run these people.usting.. So I'm like, you know what? Maybe you just need to get the. get to know what the challenges are is it, I was this house. what about it? 
I'm limited to my experiences and the best way to get another experiences that looks funny here. That brings me to Adam Poi, okay? I founder CEO ofici letter, letter one of the most financial, mot red financial news letters in the country. 
Hear Wall Street investment anchor, frequently on bus business CNBCards, New York Times and Bloomberg, ladies and gentlemen be great discussion about the economy, and I think we're gonna have this brands please bring the station doctor add OBC.. Hey, Adam, so what do you like like what is your what is your what do you call this? question. 
I never know what happened. It's always says there in econ I'm like, what does that mean? So I think that's a that's dynamic. 
It's always changing. I think it's my wife started out as uh ten years ago, just publishing it like to what I was investing in and what I thought was interesting in the markets, and throughout time is my for all my parents and important sol ouress, but reason a year for years in conception. um, now I on, obviously why college you said, and more than the business, so investor, so, can you pull up on X just because it out on X and some of you knowitter and I'm in there and I'm I've seen thisiding almost great information every day. Wow, this is awesome. 
And then they have a CF an optimum you subtrap use that that? So, you know, it's $130 a month for a letter, and that's we have had a different content, so our newslet is look into one trade oriented more than the people that are looking to messy and uh way plans do find their invest and trade. and then on Twitter we we also cover that but we're also a moreomic base talking about news, lots buttons that are happening that the media talk to time happen now. and I think that's why these you also, you know, appreciated that. you take very jud approach. It's always database and we break it down where this needs to understand it. 
Because when I first started investing, I always worried that I was going like I watched these shows and and they really different reports, and people were always so complicated with that. There were same simple things to be complicated away. I would sit the simple things with a simple way and they understand what make it useful. and that's why our a lot of us. 
Yeah, so you'll see like a gonna go all the way to this. got high attention. So what I'm showing you a marking, a marketing hat, he flew out of even some information hosted on a platform in spree that has like abilities of users. you guys are going use, I don't whateveration, there there's quality, by the way there's more quality on X and they love the on. I think X is changing the world and I think since Elon acquired a company, actually, when you first bought the company, Elon to me and said, you know, love you're name in this finance community, how can make it better? 
do not allow the people that are coming out the next. I actually think in 19 is it worth seven from Elon. and they're very, I think the townity and all information, right? And it's funny you'll see things in finance and you'll see on the news, but you'll be like forgot about that in the next two hours ago., right? 
So if you're an investor, you're not hitting this real time information, direction behind behind, and that's why our following is the very well at the garage. You you one of your grap said, I mean, we can pick up this one credit on that the second. There's one graph, none of you guys have air system. 
What does this grap need to you, uh, about first time bers or on? Okay, first says up, what does it say about housing pricing, first time? This is the first time I decrease by eight percent points to what? 
Yes, is it people that are somewhere that are first time buyers is in housing market right now. It's the lowest worth five years, while the last time 45 years ago, we had crazy manations in late 70s, early 80s, and right now. it's it's another way way because you have high prices and hydrates, and everyone in store here, how home prices and interest rates are interesting it, right prices go, well, I feel that rates now and my first up. Well, no it's it's both happening at the same time, but it's not even that the band is a strong. 
If you look at the ri the mortgage and now that the lower school since 199. there's really, I mean, I value most people in this room or not move to your house right now. I think that's that's what the same. and it's just that supply it's so much lower than demand, so you have motiviv but there's two million houses for sale. Like you anybody want a house, I need to go buy and one. 
I don't know if you ask what? I don't know if you could market. There's I mean, you think there's a national house and supplly? 
So, well and also, sure, right. I think there there are nothing is muchorter, but I also think is that it's existing supply. and what I say it is gonna be this supply on the market is very expensive. One threeomes right now for sale that you for new home. 
If you compare that to 2008, it was one one. So, you it is a home fire, and I if anybody ever from people pull up, I bet you at least they send the listing new construction, and you're in your own temporary or not. And what's happening is these these construction, these home builders, near people that could afford to continue, you know, putting supply the market and people that have Indians and sell their homes and sell and the other key thing is investors that bought their homes, especially single homes, multiple investors that bought homes in one year in 2020, 2021 below. 
Those people had a huge financial incentives south and they told that financials is kind of closing and that. They're not gonna sell. So theirives that if they saw that house, well, not is that Africa gonna be a lot larger than your property, you have to take the mortage instead of two. 
So we've never had period of finding in history where rates have gone up so fast and and then a two-ear period, we've the cheapest mortgage race in history to, you know, there four year lives since the 1980s. And that's why the market was made shock right now. and I don't see any reason that's gonna change unless there is an external factor that brings my extraican market, like foreclosures and bankruptcies. and right now, it's plus there be there be any significant change in supply it 70% of the lungs are below 3%. How we need some sort of mess, for example, let's say, six, seven%, and you want to start selling homes that they foreclosing the home. 
But did that, right exactly and and first of there's let a mess supply remove or and number two, it's still than 2008 because in 2008 more%. So we're closing on your home now, especially with when most people have positive equity in their house before they won'ation. or won't mention pretty difficult. I mean, most people's componing were way below the media new hold on buyers and spending right now. 
So it's an interesting market, I sure. So are you proh housing right now or? I? 
Yeah, I mean, you think if I had the to continue to rise see us, I don't think we're gonna see the the same case that we've seen. I think you're starting to see pockets environ seem like this, but overall, I mean, if you look at the data in high price of commer you guys there'rices really gone down. just because somebody pulls the price down, and went to work for them through too many all the way to 44, you guys like this guy 20,000. It's still 160,000 more than the world. 
So you see these headline home prices coming down. There's not even any. There's no activity. just because one home cells doesn't mean the market, right? 
And then back to your thing about how many now a mar need to see that. other cores. How many that have a mar corpse? Wow? 
That's telling you third of all the housing so are all brand new that have the the housing group there is on the offer by your interest rate of the offer than the down. The other two/3s are not a good stuff. That's a key point, so a lot of the new homes you see the building will say, you buy the house right now, what? 
And these effectively what that's doing is they have a skill, right? they didn't all album houses at once, and they things in muchier than if you call your local build, it' build house much possible. and they' effective they even more difficult for instance in the market and say, yeah, and this is an interesting statistic, uh, multiple localizes for the first time since 2005 an existing home on average cost more than a new. So, I mean, if you guys that new home, and then a new rent so an existing home home home, all home cost used a new. and and I've been hosting about this all over when you've seen it. 
It's it's like if you went to buy a car and it just seem to a car wants some beautiful ones new, the use one cost more, that's done in. And that's what we're on average new home. sign around 47, the average existing home is about four7. and then that is used to if they were existing between as closed now it's or not. so it's it's a crazy time. Okay, you talking about the, you just talk about.. 
This country wasug a massively amount of of posterity and possible sort of all. Why do we need to all that? Well, why why you be more the fact that Angel drunk out one of the most evil evil seven to Canadian approach stepped on. 
You only have an 11,ven, and a lettuce has in the. like 330 pounds and a die. I think as bad is in in the concept maybe be free away limit uh fluctuations on planet, so basically maintain maximum or maximum employment, and limit uh prices little. That's breaking theory. 
I think what's happened is, and this is the most interesting thing about how and, you know, only to September, everyone was talking about, right? That was like, what is it that been upon it? And the question was, is it 25 basis points in the 50 basis points where they wake another month, and maybe wait until the last of the elections you at. 
They caught by 50 basis points, and I was like every show in the country, box and and saying, we're gonna come 20 bucks. I was so, but they even the first time since 2009 worth of an incision that the market wasn't.. So this is what? 
This was the, right? And now, I don't know if anyone saw how many of these, how that we should have been.. we? I. That was actually other night. 
I was the person they started with in the worstception in history degree in the US. So it's like I agree to your point in that I asking with everyone that relies on what they do, and now this is basically araction, is it's so so you follow a tracking optic ind. We guys on the Saturday major processions in the last Have theyript and all of those? 
Yeah, so this is if they go back to the previous. So generally what it yesterday, but but this is the good point. They also say before they have exhibit their coverage. they say it was inflation was. 
I think there's only been the new, the new inflation wasandatory is we have a half three percent and we have soft landing. I've looked at every modern. There's only one soft landing in history and it was in 1895. vast of the situation where were is now. 
And if you look at um, there's actually data that follows the uh this headlinas says. In a way, it was the same thing as not. and the eight in 70 is not.. And actually the one time that the was mag, as a race came in history that you solved in. 
So, to answer your question, I think yes, they areates in kind of be missed, but there're also some kind of inflation and I think that but it's not as, you know, as. It is there a possibility that we've been in a recession except for the job members? that we've been in? 
I have been as how many people here think that were in a recession right now?. me see, if you think we're a recession right now? I you think we're not an reccessive experience? what people think are. 
So I have ad. There's a serious can you that? Because there was a time where reception reception only the G the nonclude anything to do. 
There was no c and we' numbers. something changed about eight months ago where they included that, and how many do you think the current administration possibly has been this one? Okay. So that addition was added, that definition, the new definition of recession was added about 18 months ago, a lot of other things had their definitions changed over the last four five years, including vaccines. 
Another. I'm just saying, we were one engine and we couldn't sell in the product any longer, and then we went to use rooms, the public never bought Ur brain, the barue brain. and then when that was when you guys didn't get on board with Ukraine then us suddenly you had in question. and and this both are quite invisible. all these things were invisible. COVID is invisible, Ukraine's invisible, I mean, it'sible but not to us, and the inflation, nobody really knows what it means. 
So, well, um, I mean, I think the whole problematic thing inflation has clearly levelveled off above the best to is that mandate, so I mean, I'm not sure they' what familiar with the Fed base has been saying forever that there two percent of the inflation target. And by the way, this is another big misconception here. I've heard a lot of people say this, what are as pol or this is people. just because inflation is at two%, they'll be the prices are going down. 
If the rate of the inflation can come out, we don't have deflation, okay? We haven' defilation since. So prices are still going up you have comp places. have three years now, three or four years now, of all inflation 43 months I think of the coordation of good. 
Um, and if you look at the lady educators, it is something published actually this weekend some research, something like wage grow again. and I know probably great, we' get paid more? Well, that what happened you get paid more, you also pay more you got own or you buy that buy. that's down, and you have inflationages. why we only 12,000. Well, we talk about the $824, I don't know what's that, but we had that's a topic, I don't know. 
No, but they're connected. so we have wages up, but we didn't hire. 12,000 times just like a depression. So that that's what I would that's what I. This ties into it. About 20 people here here a recession.? 
And I think that generally this is more invest smarter, definitely you.. you look at the data, there a, this was the pole. 55%.an your position right now. 409 percent of Americans SP. one of the best years in history. 40% month disapp this thing that this is in the history. the country it's. I think that they' saying that the market is much than it doesn't. 
The under at 4% we have millions of people or records and of people working all more are up record number of records and we've been a third voluntary told to be. and in 1945. Somit times on the fed. So then you go to the Fed and they' speaker, in the same press conference they say, well, we're not. 
We're below. We have have a soft on the hand, and, you know, is great. The reality is they see it beyond numbers that there are be this. 
I think the citizen reflects that and I think that's my country doesn't back. and that's why we're probably have an elevated inflation mode of war you very place work. expensive not having you know channels so for those the good and the economy spray and the S and the NASDA and the went up and only 50% of the entire population consipates in the stock. I have about the economy somebody else other stock market have been noticip stop. and you children have aquent question. If everything is so good, why aren't you guys banging the credit cards so hard? 
You're banging credit cards and levels that you've never seen in this in the own plant. Well, can you just show who's you. Nothing is about 1.2 trillion. 
So, I mean this last quarter, I was 1.2 people in a record were reported on the New York, and there one of the reports and they published a total awesomeimal that think almost agentially enough, almost half of the US that., but mess up what would that include 18 trillion would be autom also with that. but you're starting to see weakness in the that that has shorter term the, because everybody's sitting pretty on their. I mean, there's actually over 30% of people have one people below four percent right now. Yeah, when you look at the short term bad metrics, auto loans, credit card loans, delinquencies are atA levels right now. right now autom delinquencies. not paying on the lot. 
You guys you guys, you guys and look at these gaps. You guys are not paying tips in these wraps, you cannot predict your budget that chair, not predict the future next year, and you cannot make the amount of competitive pressure competition. because if you actually understand these numbers, these numbers should benefit aggressive and those are looking forunity, but if this is gonna tap out a competitor, they didn't plan, it's not aggressive. it's get scared, it's gonna see these headons. So that's the reason you're using in this data, you want me to cause, you wanna black up around business the road. that's what I is work all it in our news and our report. is taking all this that high like the noise, all these data always sometimes there's never been more ways in there now. and really that these are four to be, where you can easily understand the mark in the forecast. simple. 
It's it's too people complicated investing too much. It may be simple, you much better, and that's what you're trying to do. So when you look at that, it is that. 
What that helps me is, and this is why I was the shorts credit cards, you' level. October, just to bring you back just bring you back to 2008 people did not were not delinquent other cars. They gave the keys back to their houses them off. from this side of they're keeping their cars and they keeping their homes, and they're starting not to pay on their so far, and so far, but remember, Uber did exist in. 
You understand? Here, keys to my car. I don't have this car anymore. 
I want to pay a $700 payment. I'll just get a seven ride, because that didn't seem. Also, your BMV did not exist in 2008. so all those people that walked away to loans, okay, could have today just put a rent in her own.? 
I think it's interesting interesting, too, is it's a different time now, especially with anality with the AI room. There's a new there's a new thing in a single name market. It's not that admit, which their f is there's gonna be a smart, their faces in there. 
You can just theirame. you wanna get them. Absolutely. I for this guy. every single day what is how does that? 
someone else says they're all the information in that ad, I'm not financially bicycle, what would you say about like if you at what is many the opportunity property. you know how good answer. I need him to be like a strong Unless it's not, not want to know what the truth is, I need to like, go shap. I think it depends on the sector market now. 
It's only singleomes is Reynold. I say that. right now, you with your halfway, it's immediate right now on a single family home, and that's what it 4.4%..its are about 7%. 65%. 
If you have you know, wants your money, you 5% percent, you still still that, right, right? And you're you're not making like that. I don't think single where opportunity is is that we're select markets or other kind of scale. 
One thing happens might as multiical, those if it construction of those of hieractic, and the other thing is commercial real estate. commercial real estate has been home toiliated office buildings where somebody is building in hand. I don't know if you' seem to have that. They're paying what people have one dollar for high ri in Manhat build it. and it's because you there5 million at all. 
These commercial commercial security are they can't that because the building are there two months free every year was for the pandemic. There's been aack conversion those housing and that's why we like the of us. and I think those are gonna allow a lot of individuals to form the place they land, right? most of our renting the people that have done it, and obviously they invest the ones that are behind that. but that is a change fact that buy home is not making the luxury it's very difficult, but I think that is gonna be is converting its commercial properties into something that's more residential. 
So so if the average mortgage on a home is, let's say $300 bucks, and the average that the country is $1800. what what goes does something come down or something more well, let's say what? I think they build anything.. How do you close their gap is what you're saying? 
and I think the answer to that was gonna be more rates. I will think that lower rates are coming back right now. I think what's really good to have happened in weight or somebody that analyzes aos price. like you said, is is not happening serious overseeing. and the fed, I mean, they are cutates that they're not seeing national markets right now. 
Maybe in two years from now, you so that said they want reduce race of the mortgage market actually. So the average 30 year mortgage in the last month is not five point. The highest population by business, and they' moved in the possible direction. 
That tells you one thing. the market is done about. And howl is that that term andates, but he about this and his music.. why is it that you're playing for mortgages are now by 14 percent? You said, oh, just a natural question if you want. 
I don't think 100 is move in the opposite direction of the community is a national population. It's the market is sp pressing in a couple of things, but mainly one remount of influlation was 4, and number two, uh score less does. We're spending the the government now as it in the PD and world War two levels, all the software and that. is down. 
So I think what's happening is you have you have to think about how the must find is that how many b trillions of dollars a year. They sell to people everywhere in the room here. they go to the market treasuries and they say, yeah, use five differentribut treasries. use a three month no, and will pay you four percent. and what' be learn that after a year or two, and we'll borrow that money. Well, now there's so much supply measure like mark, because the company more some of money, that your flight marketond and bond pricees and interestates are effectiveibly interesting related and lot presses out in the industry as well up. 
But when you more in the supply the price now. I not up and that you're pricing in multiple things that I. whether or not, I don't. Maybe the new the new do. what would happen if we un? 
Well that the government get fire. biggest be for. any? let me ask you, I did that, because I did this all of that I did a bad. This printing money created flet or is low interest rate. which one of it? 
The fact inflation started in this cycle if it started and it was partially due with studates and bas zero and March of 2011. But I think it's it was option bad, because from all the headlines, I mean, everyone here that the better of the world that ad age, that entire economy is shut down. I' war even everything. 
How many you shut down? Yeah, so, if that's only response to that was, you got cover it. and I know there like a Sunday night the market cutting rates, like what ratess go from where they're box they go to zero. Is that right? 
How does that create create inflation that end, right? And the you can think of all now with the bas create that. All forms of that is basically free and an inflation doesn't basically the thing about that just get things going, but that also has press here. 
That's outward. But then you had a level wam because the fad there' two sides of inflation web, you have supply side inflation and can inside the fed can pull the inside. Supply side is are not like supply chains, you know, there's a war that is fromains from the rain if on that work. 
If there is a oil, whatever it is to go involved that it comp closest with it, if it use that there are over. Well, you had both cabin in the same time, especially the breakout of the warrane, and a lot of a lot of local machines were shut down and other they' flying all of the laws here and even in travels in here after a while. So they had all sides of things happening, and well, yeah, obviously thatlects a huge natural inflation, it's hard to say theants and other options of view it seems to be on race. 
But then there's also the pistol side of things where the government have to four million dollars and at the time, which thing is going more printing or the I think that printing was by far the mostful thing. many different angles, because the time thePS could look up in the at the time. I was saying this is gonna be the most the largest involuntary tax in history, because that's what inflation is. It's an involuntary test test. 
No one's actually payingfortunately not just from some medical files that's being passed on all for higher prices and the other thing it did was it made people useending money. I think if you would have gone any local or all, I would involved inynetic and the con store would have a lion unlighted hundreds of people. it was like a I thought so really the inflation was caused by these people going to the all andicating. These people were the good ones. 
They wereable to. But um and well, what happened is that a lot of those spending evidence have been proliferated now he credit card that this airacting. and then not only that basically necessity is so expensive, that taking on that more more expensive forms of that art has answer, and now an NS space where we're gonna say, well, in one or two years from now, we'll see where we are. Most everybody in business are, what is your or investor, what is your what is your recommendation? 
look at it all economics numbers when you look at forump gets in in January, 20th with an operation. university, but you'ulable, and now what happens what happens 20 about? I mean, you' American. So, obviously, things change in policies when they change in the time. 
So it's not gonna be one instantly stop. But I think for my places is, especially because I see a long period inflation, invest in assets, real est are an asset, real estate is the best and inflation stocks, in the stock market prices it includ S values up together. And you look at the people that are better off now versus in 2020. they have one them they have more S, right? 
what else is hor? Real estate hor gold so all that. You have.. 
Mexican two or something. We all for years. But um I think you need to head against theation and against uncertainty. 
We're gonna funship. And what does it else mean? Yeah, you're gonna have some weather. 
It's a stock market could easily have a time all that new year. Actually, if you see it on average, at least won pullback for a year of thatitude. but then especially for people that are in cash flow from the SS, let's just see you investing your cash falling. Actually, I think you bought you would love up market, right? 
then you can just go back to everything right now that's $200 for $100 and your cash for the time you're making division of your investments, you you're re reoun your portfolio, and then when it goes back up, I double that in investment. So I think more be open to the weaknessing across the market and take advantage because that's really where people get. every crisis is someone that that's. that's us here. You guys give a big hand. 
Even though All right, so our next is gonna be like. Uh, our moderator is a 25 year Wall Street. He's an excell brothers institutional trader and a regular contributor on Fox business, CNBC, Bloomberg Rooters is a recognized econist, trader and alien office experts expert. joining in two million guys. legendary investors started their careers in the NFL before all the finance. they found their home, trading options. their successes traders led them to creating their own trade platform called trade monster, which was sold in trade for a crew 750 million. 
And they have been a stable on gametime trading that best he shows for the last 45 years. Ladies and gentlemen, please give it up for Mark Presti, John and Pete De.abulous, um first huge, huge, huge statut to Grant and Jared Sherry, Tony in the entire 10 X. given it up, Greg and. So, I foundation foros is I wanted to be excited about what here and. 
We are about to enter what we was a market site. This is something that happens in markets as once every 10 years, every 15 years and there's something happened on the middle fifth that's triggering that marketcycle, whether you're a Democratic Republican, whether you happen about the mad last Tuesday or sad, and the reality of it is the experts on both sides of the out. historical statistics and the stuff that we's expert trainers watch are allalent that we are about to enter a period of time that you do not want to this being in the stock market. and I know that a lot of you were gonna say, well, it's complicated,are, at training. I use. 
We're gonna dispel those lists different and by. So, who who's wearing a 10 X there? So I constant it wasn't just a opinion. 
So what happened during's first presence? The down returned 56%, 126 stops on the down, at all time high, and they had the best market performance were any involved in the presidents in his Calvinools does worked twice.. what's happened since election day first. biggest one day gain of the market only sixth in two years. We have an experts. my expert divingetting to do this news car for 66% the return of the SMP to an end of Trump next administration. 
Wharf. and we can trust those guys so know show on the wharf business free go, several days a week, known the, look for you, you shouldn't listen. There are no, the most pro stock market in history, so market supercycle is more and whyats enter one of the most pro business, low tax, low reation regimes we have ever seen with a group of people that the president has decided to surrounded soft who are some of the brightest and smartest business people entrepurs millions of businesses like all of you that we've ever seen one of the Elon Mosc another oneated grand... So why listening to us, the guy that strikes are these two guys... 
I had a Wall Street.. 28 years on Wall Streetets for their stockchange leading Brothers created an institutional league plus school law to capital takes him 20 years, 15 years to on CNBC box and variety other channels, a lifetime trader and entrepreneur pleasure, and it is a pleasure is to work with people that you also thought your best friends he religion in life they. But I want to introduce you to the real experts here, and John and Jerry, quote, let's give our job. saw the number slightly what we break down here.. both of you was lots of know comfortable pro. Um, what is it about your experience in the NFL that applying you for success this? 
Oh, I was my little brother. I' played four games. I came out of college, undrafted, got the opportunity to play a four beat, and being with the worst players was the Chicago Bears, so I picked up, because they don't want to go up against the uh, you know, the Yan, for instance, and it was baseball, and they don't want to go up against the England Detrius if that football, you wanna pick a team that already loses so that maybe you could make the team. 
So I made it before games that I got because Mike Singlet I't this guy. He beat me out, and so then I went down in the three for, but what you'll also hear from me is it's disciplineful. He it's not difficult. 
We can teach every single person in this room how afraid, but it's the discipline that will tell in your training account bottom line every year, whether you have thisipline or not. if you have discipline, you'll make a lot of, and if you don't, you'll lose a lot of them? Yeah, my experience football played at the University of Minnesota. I was a line matter. 
I was fortunate about touelards while I was playing, I even watching figure out an opportunity to play the NFL tour. played with the 86,87, I played with 10 years of the eating hik, and then I kind of around in a different, I had a little number of a sketch on the camera, I had another one of the world football. And the one thing that I've always taken away from all of this is there, especially that it started really in the university theota was to be the best or to get to the money wanna hit gotta be discip. and there is nothing closer to the world sports that because you got so discipline each and every day, ever position you put on, you gotta be very well aware of all of the different news stories, all the different analysts that might be out there, and you've gotta have that just like, not only will not great race, but also when you have badories. and if you do that, have a much better opportunity to find yourself on the better side of it. And so one of the things that I've heard when now went out the gate when I got out to the three or Jonathan had been there a little while before he was moving up off the floor. 
I was on the training floor, but I wasn't sort of a a way to not to give people a little bit while out on ground down there. I was a little bit moreressed probably the most serious, but it was amazing down before because there were so many people that people think that all this I, which is probably closer to true on this oxide, but on the oxgen one side, it is a lot ofolks that it came from every water blind. We had the guys that had changed success that came out of high school, never got in in high school or dropped outated graduate in high school. 
There was others that had played different sports. It's not just footballated. I think all sports required. 
It wanted to be good, wanna be great. you got out this. and you watch the guys who made the money on the training, and they were the guys that understood that whole thing. When you get big, when it's lighting up, when you get you know all these different things, and I think of all of that as a background just really all of us. YouTube, for sure. 
I mean, I think the discipline is is really something that everybody has like not. They just gotta make sure that they practice. We we've got a lot of catch phrases are going one of the most EDA disciplin States action, and we'll come back to that, and then so, you you make your way, you think in bones as you say in New York and a rough training for Chicago, most of those days it was a contact sport literally. 
There actually a you about YouTube as a documentary word that features both of these two guys who show Lat in the action from those days open out right hand singles and a. And I enough hot to come out of the tip of the ripping your shirt pen goes all the way down to you. Some of the best stuff in that get that documentary, some of the very best stuff without. 
I mean, there was some break political stuff from that I brought to that whole thing that. was it was unsa for work. So, okay, so you found you compter forgery, you found opt Monster, you found trade rus, you't want to give that foundation why people listening to us about how to trade soots and options, what national and the credibility do give us good the option mon trade wants shirt option monster we have education because we were our in other words it was my money, and so if they didn't do it right, they're losing my money, so we had to have good education, superior education to any of our competitors. We bring that same education now. 
We did it then, the trade monster and option monster and now with with Markel. Why? Because we sold firm, which is nice enough to say, we sold the firm to each trade for 750 million bucks. 
Why did we get so much money for it? Because traders don't up a lot of money. So you guys learn how to trade, that makes everybody happy. 
This makes the guys on Wall Street, the guys in the investment bank makes us happy, and you guys are gonna be alive out here because you're not gonna blow over account. Again, Grant never really believed in the stock market and tell got a hold of him in a good layers and Brant, it wasn't a headlock for me, but you a long time to bring a bill. Let us have a a lot quicker. and he actually listened to us and hurt. 
But he did more than us. Not that he did it, he did it twice, and the second sale was to arguably the biggest institutional investor or the one of the biggest questions on treatment. And by the way, there is a relevance to that fact, which not. 
Thus about the second wasical. Griffith moved from Chicagoside down here, of course, with both one of the largest headlines that not the largest edge fund in the world. Ken makes roughly hundreds million dollars a month with his head under that by five years ago, the way, but he bought our trading business that was on the tradings. number a good number. 
So, that has spent almost 20 years as arguably the most been in the recognized bases of the financial TV. I always mumble, I don't have to be for a long time when I walked through an airport with one guys in needs to. I have lost involved in taking pictures, but I'm being as always in her. 
I'm sure no, no problem. and then worked for value was more, right? So I wanted to do it to talk to you about that, why would here and and I also say those in the journey of who's just been a really interesting one. John and I, I think, took us four and a half years or so to convince Grant to join us of his walk by, and we were incredibly proud for this example to have Grant joined us as a partner in April of these years, we won part of the business, because we borrow value, like we played to do all businesses that an insider, and we have kept saying, well, you know it is, but if you understand what it is as to do, you haveits. 
So all we convinced them teaching them, teaching all you to control you, whether it all needs and how that works. So, um, John, is theat was grand. is is there? Yeah, market is great. 
Does that mean every single stock is ri that stick of every single stock to the outside of the down? No, but I don't care about a single stock. I hear probably about 20 or 30 stocks a day. and when we see something happening in there, and we've heard me say this before, but whether it'sitz McConnell or whether it's Nancy Pelosi, and you know, maybe politicians the two massive insider trade legal, I want to follow those guys. 
I think they've got a really good reason to be binding rapon just ahead of, for instance, the Russian invasion Ur. I mean, there's all kinds of examples like that ever day, but it's not just politicians. Sometimes it's a big he product that's getting involved. 
We really perfected this system in the late 90sol, and in early 2000, we really, unfortunately in a way, found out how well it worked because we saw our usual activity in the books, which are the downside that's an insurance policy that you know, you're better than the stock will drop if you're buying only the foot option. There were massive foot created in American airlines and United. They were to plan to companies unfortunately, that were used to fly planes in the world Trade Centers. 
So we knew our system worked because we had this massive we were like, well, I guess we're gonna get downloaded as we they got downgraded by the world. I mean the whole world obviously in like December 1941, when another attack on the United States was perforated in Hawaii and everybody said, well, did anybody know about this ahead of time? We could actually say, that what they did. 
People knew people made money or $40 million off the trade, and it wasn't the guys on the plane. It was whoever set them all that made all. So if you know that people do things like that, you guys end. 
You know our life because in that up an airplane and that had a lot of that didn't. had that big game for him to try and get his mother time. But yeah, this happens every day. It' written, yes, it's ripped because people have better information than all of us are not just pointing at you. 
I'm saying all of us, we get the information and we get from the computers that are complicated in the data centers of it, maybeacing some houses of the United States, the NASA and New Yorkocking stage, and when we see this actor, this unusual objectractory, we jump in American, whether it's bullish or the outside or Paris and the Johnson. You people' it would be financial crises rather not too many years ago American crises, but that was the one that we do not just as crazy as the, you know, the Nile left and all the rest of it it. you know, here we are in March, we've got air, there's a lot of questions being asked, CEOs on the he saying, hey, everything is how we talk about here? It's, 65 bucks a, or something like that. 
Why would somebody go out there there and go by theuss, you're 35 miles away, nothing about, it's not a headge. that's not somebody trying to hege the position. So the only thing be is looking for some sort of a violence defense, right? I mean that's the idea, well, they got the men because that is stock very rapidly not long after the CEO center that they were spot, I say, no, the stock is underneath ten bucks the next thing you know underne need three, basicallyically, that to be just completely the last and the go is that those calls that they bought the 30 cents, they only bought like three or 20 or 15,000 of those calls. each one the equivalent to 100 chairs, so not bad as far as the size of the train, that size of the train pan all the way now and now sing these 35 books of the 30 books are worth almost the entire dollar of that. 
So it gives you a little bit of an idea. this happens all the time, almost every day, not to that degree, but there are incredible unusual oddies that hit on a dealing with every single one.. everybody remember the movie Wall Street they want on. lovesel. What was what was wrong with that? That was illegal insideration. 
What we're talking about here is inside information that is, and we don't know who'sacing the trade. We don't know why they're placing it. We don't have that nobody our international death. 
Exactly. So, we talk about it in terms of following the footsteps of the squall. and if we can use this information, these algorithms to see and read the tape the right way, along with our team of exper, many who were against that, but later, we are able to changeots, the odds in theare. I guarantee the most, we've got guys that work for EI over the years, and we have five decks in the game of life, which is a really good professional program. 
Most of you can't do that I cannot do that. But you can do if you count target and you really, really good at it and the book slightly into your paper to about 50% something where that. And if you play enough hands and you wait until theck has when you believe or a lot of face cards or a lot of test, things like that, you're gonna do very well, but I'll kick you out of the casinos once they know you're going. 
In our game, they don't kick you up, you can just sit there and have the odds move in in your favor, you're waiting to basicallyounce where the conditions are just right, and then you jump in there and buy their balls, and that's what means means each have to do. It's not hard. I mean, it's so easyire to do it. 
Um, but he coming off a football field six years in the NFL, and so so forth, he picked it up like that. You guys is not a person in here that can't do it. Just be a little discipline and a little instruction, and we can help you grow. 
It not that guy has something showing you the role, showing you that and how the options work and everything. You don't wanna just jump in, you'll have a very bad first. You gotta have a background where were very and our rebellion. 
That is what was started. that's that's the opportunity unless you choose to say, you know what? I really know about, then I told did you knew. But this concept of you mutuality that you guys I can argue I arguing guys, that you what was my been TV show for 15 years, when the segment called unusual, right? 
Jeff that as it turns out a lot of you a lot of the post the language watch business television would like to know where the fast money is straight on a particular day. and nobody else on theraying this has any idea. So we and I would offer these insights into that, and eventually CNBCC said, you know what? you guys put this on our day, we can't just do it once week on, you gotta put it on forck. 
So either heat was on every day or I was, depending on. And the fact that it became so popular and literally they would have to halt some of the stocks that we talk about because the stocks will move so much after we mentioned that there slow unusual activity in micrones and now. They're buying outsideuls right now. 
You could watch the skin se stash and can show on the graph it also go, because many of you will start dying on. and that's great, because it's just an endorsement of how good this stuff is, and it's not pump enough, because Pete and I what we talk about, the unusual black head, our subscribers get the first shot. We tell about 15 minutes later we treated. So then in many cases run the market on the thing. we end up pay word for you guys. 
I'm not selling to you. I'm buying from you in many cases. So I got I gotta cover this one on top because I really talk about to know you guys wanna talk about it. this.. about this. 
John. Um, well, what I learn the most from as they always say is a loser. I was the bucks on my birthday in about 10 seconds. because soon as the earningss came out, one stop, the stock fell, just when we were market makers. again, that's like being in a house in Vegas, if they didn't have rules against God. 
So you're sitting there making money, making money making money as a market maker, and then all of a sudden it works against you when everybody they're pitching cards to it, all of a sudden has weight and help. Now they're doubling up their bet and they're tripling up their vets, again, they get picked up and they screaming that, but in the stock mark, I don't well, I've lost a million b marks, I say about 10 minutes, but I've also had trades marked for my biggest winner was probably 30 million bucks. was over the find as a a situation where a cheap trade here, a lot of big money was on that trade, I followed it and what I held with a lot longer than I have, but I worked out in my favor most of the trades that heat and I do not really, but most of myr are for 200 contracts, so that means an option are less folks, that I'm creating approximately 5000 shares to 20,000 shares worth of stock at a time. I'm not four above it, I'm not Michael Bell. 
I'm not, you know, swinging those huge billion dollar trade back in forth, but if I can get in there and through options, maybe this $10,000 or $20,000 to make a trade where I determinated to fiveX that day, and you know, we did that market I did that Friday. Friday we went this microp computer SMCI. and everybody said, oh, it's gonna be delisted Monday and it might get be listed, what about this? The stock has been $12 a year. 
It was all the way down to 17 because a big stress seller ended for research says, you know, they're dugging up their books, they're cheating, um, and eventually their audio quit. So that's why the stock fell from eight, then down to 30 and hasifted all the way down to 17. We bought it last Friday at 17, and it finished off on the day, and then it is hired by $13 in the after. 
So don't know where it'll open the tomorrow, hopefully even higher, but that's a big weather, and you can do drinks like that every day, just by following the smart. and you know what this got. You guys going on the office. You know exactly whatledge is that all not. as much whatever than this matter. 
I mean, that that's the way to be able to play something that that has thatibility, right? I mean, that's one point 17 most of it's brain go like that, you're gonna be pretty well. I think one of my favorite things that I ever had for this was there was a company called Europe, and was a bot a wildch companies that were traded about $1, $10 $111, I think per year, and some experi somebody in buys thousands of thousands of the out in the golf. how the calls by, let's say the 12 strike calls the stock is created in. 
So you' been a money a little bit because they bought them and they just how this is not a problem. Well, the question was not. so stock the next day, we find out that we fortunately pensced ourselves very, very well, we want options outside of that and a double up even more might a triple up, while more important more options from the upside, based upon this this big fire in the museum. Well, they got the cure for cancer stop 92 bus off the next day. 
So, you get a break from the 10 to 92. Well the options you got absolutely incredible love, like, I seen immediately did on the call, John and I areollow rolled in this transplants version, and I called him up and I said, maybe yeah, is there any chance that this company to has gonna solve this little issue with cancer by that said no she has no. I said, all right, well, I want pause. 
So I have to be able to ride this thing to the side with the balls and then now we get books because over time you find out, well, it' got some great information, but it's not perfect and they do not have all of the say any longer than they cancer. So this thing got all that about So that's the fun about what we do. You could do it in the, you can do it with an outside, however you want to create it, but because the opportunities are there, and as I was saying with your est rate, you are sitting there knowing exactly how much you have. 
You put $50,000 in that desk and most people. It's not like it stops. I mean many of you in the room, perhaps most of you in the room are small business owner. 
You know youriche, your small business niche, whether it's, whether it's air condition, whether it's cement for whatever it is. Well, you don't know have a lot more about thatiche than any of the three of us are ever gonna know. And yet there are hurt like train for air conditioning and things like that, or, you know, we'll talk to ear off about um uh utility stocks, oil gas stocks, anything, but there's many of you in this room that no, I I't a lot more about it than we do, um, but we're just waiting until we see somebody big in the stock market like Stevie Co ads, the Mets that's .72. um, or somebody like um, Darald or Aman, or any of these big tens fund guys when they know, we're gonna have Gary Cohen coming out in a few minutes. 
I think, you know, the the chair Coleman sacks. Gary's gonna get up here and he's gonna say, yeah, there's a lot of these really big guys that have bring access to information, and he is not gonna sayider information, because again, we don't know if that's what it is, but can you attend every anst call the Tesla? No. 
Can you attend every time somebody has an FDA approval appending for a drug? Probably not, but some of the out there does, somebody out there has been up the staff of 30 or 50 analysts or whatever it is, and they're running you know $40 billion dollar fund, and they're in there basically saying, um, this is unusual, we should be on this. We should get working along this stock right now or conversally, you know they're not gonna have our teams until 2030 mark. 
Maybe we should get out of the stock. So, at the time that we have left, uh, we have that that was just somebody many production can a slide. we just want to show you guys an actual look exactly what we're talking about here, because, when you see this unusual activity, if you a subscriber to our stuff, you would see.es see where you when you see that activity, let' talk. set up to November and and look, we're on television, you can go back and look with the actually said we set up that day, we do a show that we last street of B's edge. It's available on YouTube and street and services again, go back to tax checks. 
We covered in the weeks leading up to November that what the smart money was used, but particularly in a natural level one. I like using the foundation because it's easy to understand. say, so what we cover these views. So now that guys are program desks, these are the stock workers in these large institutions, and others are telling me that institutional traders are put in the most barish deaths in terms of size and leopard that they've seen in half a decade against, yes whatad Euroo. that was a major major debt on a truckictory. 
Next day, some of us nice eleuders and another desks, we're seeing some of the biggest bearish trading by leverage and size we've seen in five years on solar and renewable as usually believe it stops. that's interesting. then, well, that's what happening, what are we seeing in Bitcoin, microstategy, coin based, otheration like that. So, um, a scoo election special actually when you did that, with a two hour web card, uh, we had grand on, which was terrific. and we told people, but not to addicting the outcome of the election. We're not what's that the absol. 
We're not in that business, right? We're in a business abus in the stock market today, but but when you see that much overwhelming institutional money, and I'm talking hundreds of billions of dollars betting in this direction, we said, uh, okay, we got to share this with our audience, we got to share this with the revation. that's what we call people what horrible about immunity. because we think something big has got happen. John, you've got folks, um, you know, we're gonna show you something right here. 
So, for instance, there's. um, on that screen and uh, let's see, that all point through the stream all of each shoulder. says TSII that's Tesla the 24th of October, somebody steps in buys 20,000 February 24 calls. That gives them the right to buy two million shares. So how many here 22 million shares that play? 
Okay, soout are pretty big, and there might be one of you out there in the audience. It might be Mr.. But uh, two million shares and 240 bucks to share, and they bought just basically two weeks before the election. 
What happened? day after the election, $321 a share. It went up from 250, let's call that, to $321 a share. and those options went to $92 every single option. 
But before you give that slide, we said that said 24, 24 folks with the 1058, 10 on their top left the screen. That's when our signal went out to our subscribers, okay? But that's the time that's where the people in part of the revelation got that information that we saw that moculacity, that Mosc people well protesting trade, okay? 
And that there is an outcome. is not a conjecture this is what happened matter what happened in that over the next few days, that's two to three days after the election election is November 5th. You see an ele eight on there, so that's the eight of November? Musk smile and rightly because they step in 4,000 of February is making a 4.4 million share that Tesla goes higher between that day and the third Friday in February, because options expire the third Friday of each month unless we say our. there there are exceptions and lots of them, so that's why I say that. um let's see, uh and those calls went from, again, this uh 37 level for the stock all the way to 348, and that little graph there kind of shows itare stepping up to $348 a shift. and this is whoever the train is, you don't know, but whoever it is, had 4.4 million shares over basically, um, you know, call it mark $30, $30 then 4.4 million shares. 
That that dog will on. and there's a coin. Mark said, what were they buying as far as uh bitcoin and for? They were buying bitcoin, they were buyingara, which is marathon in. 
They were buying a a riot block chain. They were buying a coin base this one. Co base was $23 a share the day after the election. 
The day after just a couple of days later, itains for $330 a share. I mean, this stock exploded to the outside. your number for me. This is a what do they call it? 
SMR, a small modular reactor, but uh and and they do an amazing job and obviously their earn been moved around a little bit they have a reason how the other day wasn't so great. this is a spot that that absolutely they bought these 12 and half holes it was just out of the money as we gone 11 and astra. That 25. So an absolutely incredible move that we see these walls from it is that huge? 
It's not massive, but it's a big trade for a very people are very represents everything we are not pretty far away from the 16 bucks. That's not bad for the 65 cent trade to go to 16 bucks and and that that's the kind of thing that is going on John for a while, it just kept holding wanting more and more and more and more. tell it in, and then, you know, at the very end where they finally ran a little bit further than they should, the last thing that they did did. we had a lot of along with and many of you would ask, well, if these guys trigger your trades because they do, if they trigger our trits, when you get out? I have money on on that optionion for 65 and it fell the 30, I would cut it. 
I would say, you know, I guess I'm just wrong on I'm moving stepping aside. But when do we get out, usually they will close these options at a huge product. they bought moving, the stock runs to the outside. They sell we sell. 
We're followed. We're not leaving. We don't have Nancycy one of the most in. 
I get on XBS tell you that all of us said, people don't even know. So give a trust me. I. and the way to do that is to get around the right people at the right time and write information. 
Gentlemen, I'm bringing you right now is is vice and a body and like the books no Egypt, initiatives and global business expansion, former chief economic advisor of President Donaldatro orab played a major world by economic policy by neutral Mark. He was also former president and CEO of the Golden Sacks from 2006 and 2016, ladies, please read the stage, my friend... Okay, personally,. this guy how many you all the interview the white? 
You better that.. So, you were going. he takes all the credit for sex. who really did all work. design to see, you avoid that really good friends. this is a time. I don't know how many this is. 
This is 2008, this is a global nonprisis. uh it was caused by a market. What was going on with just bring everybody back like, what's in life for you and your life we have a band three kids? What's going on? 
I haven't have three, I didn't I did I didn't. I had a band and who had reminded me that he died in 2008. one of the secondary times my fact that reminded me that I had they existed, as I sort of went to work and been a home for a month or two. 2008 when heot released the Angelrisis, they come all soon. And in all office and when back, each is questionable whether Morgan dailyA, AI, down list, whether these companies were moreice or not, we were virtually on the head of all or not. inside those meetings at that time? 
I'm totally You' total, so I'm sitting in the federal reserve bordering in New York. I' sitting really in the conference table, I'm sitting next to then the secretary of the dire and also, and um I'll tell you for the score. I'll play I'll play a leadingug store. 
This will give you the inside the of the riding night of the leader people. It's about 6 o'clock Friday night. and of course, regulators don't wait admit as a problem to firef fire Friday. Somehow they maybe they didn't work everything out of a weekend. 
We did a call at 6 o'clock on Friday night, they invite all the heads in the big banks down to the Ued. It's a huge conference and run off the front door. We walk in and they say, um, look, they know us that a problem, and not say I' put it over it off. 
We know they sayant a hole, real estate look, we need to figure out how big the hole is and then weug it. and so bunch of the regulatory guys stand around and say, look, you know, can we take the next 24 hours to figure out how big holes. I said, we only need 24 hours and maybe two minutes I' outside of the rocks. So what do you mean? 
I's 30 million un under six months. and you no. okay. It's, but I knew sat in. I' literally on the other side of I trade like that over the last six months. because I knew they were drawn six months in there. 
So they said no, we're not gonna take your word for this started building. We're in a aient team. and since Gary you has someone from about a team, we'll we'll choose phone sex and we'll choose great press rest of the time. You guys really your best team into the fed, we'llote all the information do. 
We lock the submarine until I think it was 2 o'clock to 3 o'clock nights afternoon and run on the adaly, went on the end list, I said, look, I'm gonna excuse myself from that room. I have a preexisting view where this is. I'll have a team from down 3 o'clock and they came down three when I stay, walked in the room and said, Gary's wrong. 
It's 30 million one. So, you're sitting there and towel how old is? years old? 
I did my first yet that that was a few years ago. Lena's 100% year old. It was the merger of five version of low, roads, and I created bom text. 
So literally they go around the room at this morning, Saturday and they say, okay, it's 30 million, who wants to g it? Like they' living. I know that past. 
If we all in, who's been shipping for me? And who's really for. put $30 billion to put $30 million inust account to bail in they workers for business money. So, I think down Saturday afternoon, we realize that very little are also not to work. 
So I think the way guys were starting getting the same real problem. at that point, there's there's scurry uh, I think it becomes the parent that there's a European bank to realify them, that deal can't be done because the mariatory issues in the middle of all this, it's really clear that Marilyn can the weekend. It becomes like Saturday here becomes really clear we're all asking to be capital, and a bunch of us say, look, we can grow up Billy day and we need grow bill, and we need to go up the day, and they also said, no, we got no. So, um there has a little scurry room to figure out what going on with um mayor, and um no one knows what's going on. 
So we sort of go home with another very, very funny moment. um you coming back Sunday in the morning, and I literally seeank Paul walk with John leg sitting like three seats ready the see. They walk we're all we're all you're always picking there, taps on so then walked out. antipated. Then Peter crowds to his work for aole and is also on two battery. 
He either walks out of the penis there walks and heipe as loud smiling feet, Peter's. thank you there. I goes for much.. I said, I go. 
I then, no. I said no, says, I could we could we could put together hours. you got a huge retail there. Like that retail then. worse for those of you that now it ended up going and ended up looking together going to America, but we are now in this refall of Mith, Lena Brothers, AIG, every one of these companies trying to figure out how they're a position themselves to get out of this problem, because as power Iates to the weirdest link, they come the next week is link. 
So this is a Saturday, Saturday, Sunday, one. You know that the market open. So it's even worth a saw it had too important marketus stuff, but we knew by Sunday afternoon and um more like all the latest is not. we use the lead as a file or the US that file. 
And to think about this, I' trying to simply every train firm in the world basically have positions against the. But lead knows the were less didn't have a risk concept of this big real estate world. So, what we are all trying to figure out is if we all go to the market and try midate our data processes, because we don't know who lay have on a side were to create this massive mark. 
We bet we then the observe the SEC was there all the way to the room. We've then there and give us a two hours to just do a full disclosure here my ad on bus working on for like five, seven Sunday the night. so we can then have each other. We just wanted a net second. 
They wanted the best that. they made all of us walk back from our trader desks. I remember walking back in the all, every firm and every trader had worked in them all all. I went back got trade desk nobody many guys scrap it really wild. 
So, you know, and and I think it was one of these unique moments red and most of the train just trying not to move more basic right after the other sand. And in the probably the course takes four or five,000, most of the firms neutralize the risk, because you remember, you got aounce people on Friday, you know living Brothers disappear, everything that ling has like disappears. and now you want. So you know, I mean, how this country that? 
in? You remember, it was the same bounce. it's less than what we had. So what's change what has changed, you know, what I think we've seen. 
We've seen that, well, we've seen some of once more happens. You'll we saw so so that we've got look through the end of the Toronto administration, the be beginning toide the administration, I I can separate it to us. I can separate the necessity into I can I can I can separate half to have one half that. met. 
So the first half of I met completely did the right thing in stimulating or actually go to income replacement world. When people were forced in stay, and they had to lose their job, and they would had no way to a for their standard of living. And even the standard of living, let's say stop, they still hadn't warings, they still had a pain meat, they still had't. 
They still had a although they still had a for all the essentials. If their stopped, that would have been. So in the first stimulus in the end of theration where there. 
There's literally substantially less that coming in and should have come in. We're purely the perfecting in this one of the stim. Now, no, I live up seeing said, look, the idea that we should do is we should give the big parroll agencies the money and just hand money. 
If the parall agenc is just happeningists in this country, we would not have given us in the hands of wrong people we could just have paid payroll, everyone would got the paychecks, the government would have got there with own tax, so security would been paid, everything everything is run through the system. Instead the end's checks. I can get my checks. my skin checks. 
I mean how you got a $100 check? I got. so the bunch you guys liars how do it is that you have? Come on, how many have you guys check that maybe didn't? 
it might have been that way to do this? do it defeat the of the world be, and say the company is not selleral because they don't have. and penize the companies that have. So if you a company doing really good business or FedEx or you yes your business is, you better take a name. 
But if you you're the local neighborhood life or you're the nail or the air system, or things that have our business, we have er in the United States. because you're you're not making arrow in the Unitedities. So the first rrow the first trillion half dollars plus we lost a trillion dollars on rabbit. there was no question. There is just no question. 
Then we get into the viol station and then start making multiple trill our stud things, one highly question. whether we needed those pain because the economy, we are already gone through by work speed. We already had a vaccination once. We already had social distances. 
We already that active, more of the decoration that happens. I I knowact here. We had enough wasule and I network, we did not need subsequ with rapidation. 
And we clearly did need information that we because otherwise was the created, we talk about. Which is really, exactly. So, if you look at those areas, me and one of the a lot of garments in us says the. 
Look, the answer crisis has some fairly sizic changes in this country. and it also has some really. So, you pub in 2008 been a better reserve and never really theality from 2008, quantity of a reserve, you have zero interesting policy in this country, with federal reserve buying mortgages, buying treasury, trying to stimulate the economy. the old joke I always have is if you read an article of an that period of time the 2000 lead to 200 1920 period. Any article when you would have written about theatter would have been, will there ever be a way in it? 
That was the time that was the discussion because we had zero industry policyed period trying to get delay that. and we see that. So the periodation, not. that was that was when when you bly 2% we could make on. in that, honestly we would at the four years of theump administration and their place more of the four years. not to get off the that is what I I'll I'll look, the fedateerve as a dual and quote unquote stable prices. stable prices to death is 2% much. That's stable. and full to them we don't more full women is that I would assume is unemployment race below 3%. 
So that is the good. So during those years of 2008, almost the base of 2021, we were in a place where the inflationary freshion United States was declation. And so the veter Reserve was told as part of theirmediate a state of crisis, they were trying to stimulate economic road. 
They were driving into space now, were trying to get people to not say. you drive into six pan, they're trying to get people not safe, they're trying to get all of these small business people to go out and open another shop, and no piece equipment, buy trucks, higher more people to try and drive more to try more thanand in the economy be great best. That's exactly what they were trying to do. It didn't work down now, but they still try. 
And so so I understand this is not to go is thereenty of money inflation or is it the lowering Which one which one principed really full controls in in a larger basis of the lower entrance. They've got two, they got two real tools. They lower rates and in widing lower ris if they duading you a from saying, and the they're encouraging you to go far. is when you go far, we're not borrowing to say, or borrowing and nest back in you. 
So you, you're borrowing to buy a piece here. You're borrowing to open an escort So is that it is that give you things moved? It' supposed to be inflation as you great war demand. 
And by the way, we saw this work pretty well and in, we puthed so many in the economy and we had a a supply of this. We saw $2 million dollarsasing two few goods, meaningly they were trying to do that on a modified basis, but it didn't really work in the in the three. So you the economicassment under Trump, economic what was the the head of the national? 
So what was the blackboard in the? Oh, I mean, it was pomally ages theyastinated experience.. I added that there are not many West big offices in have Westons. 
You work in the West Main. I spent probably a better part of my day in the present. saw first thing in the morning, I saw him lasting the other day. I if he travels, I travel. 
He went somewhere I was somewhere. we were we were together almost the entire time. In the time we were working on like big names in the economic world. So number one thing was astated. 
So if you remember the first thing that got done to first year the presidency was accidentated. Now we got throw low purple ball head, no longer brings that damn, we walked in to that presidential inauguration, and somehow the House has decided to repeal a long hair. With no landary lic, there was no one had that casino. 
No one had a friend license. So he walked in with a congress that was looking to replace a bomb and they' looking to us to have there. So we promised that the first that part two months on our volare. nothing happened. 
I couldn't got myself out of the long wasn't health and that has to be. and then we started making a taxes all the full time in remain the year, we got taxes done, we got taxes signed not that December 22nd by 12 got taxes. I when the were one came came to the. And and how was that that getting the taxes from? 
What would happen to the wasasty think lower taxes just good for the I everyone was group things that what we did was massively important. and I think we did a bunch of things in that taxville that have had enormous impact that people was not. and I really do, but I I don't want to sit here to both take my take, I think there. So how does the lowing into the lower taxes? How does the low of the benef from lower taxes? 
So let me throw this one piece of reality out there at the beginning. Before we started, and actually we started, the loweritionary population. I easier your taxes. 
What we did was it really and that's not happening. So today, the seven Americans paying on their taxes. What you're really dealing with is that bottom 20 percent, they have a negative tax, meaning they get money back for the federal government. 
So a couple of things that we did in in Ivon and Trump was really inst is something like the child tax. You go put it against the p child tax credit pay meaning you raise the amount of money that parents can get for underage children to children, helping them raise their children. Then you really want for them to make it refundable if we get refundable means, not only to poss the tax liability, we will just write to check back the. 
So you put it above you putundable tax, which you did. So you try to make sure that we were dealing with the lower income earners in. so that's a key question. deal with the ur tax, EIT. You deal with those are we lowered everyone's tax rates across the whole across the whole staff. 
So was a tax rate that they have been pay taxes on the old system went to a lower rad into a zero. So we put more people into the zero tax rate paying your taxes. So you in this business situation inbaneing, it depends what the isire to do in. and it's just not lower. 
I think it like the task piece of this country is there. We also try to simultaneously stimulate business investment. So we try to grow the account, I think people could help that. 
So we went and we took anyone in the in the small business world, and we gave them your human deductions for small businessing. Do we want to lower the small business income tax pay. That is trying to stimulate more people with small businesses. 
We also went after big business. We said big businesses or had been able to earn money off store and not pay taxes on it until you repatriated it back the United States. We said no, we're to deem your offro earnings to be repatriated back in states, whether you repatriate that or not. 
We put a tax. in hindsight to do that, but inight, if you go through why I think every economist at the last three years long, saying we were gonna go in a recession, we're gonna go on a recession in February, I think one of those econies forgot, how much cash corporations brought back from the fourth group. You' as the impact of all this money coming back in. right after the tax level in 1718, you would go back in in Google services. every week there were pro is talking about millions about tens of of that. Apple everything was announcing, oh, we're milk, we're running back another time. comes back, it doesn't in the United States. plant tend to invest higherels. invest this massive decision never, ever repatriation is a min for money than anyorporation earn offshore. 
That was that was exactly the point. So look, one of the reasons which says give him a drive. So, I nervous of this is the biggerrow I say. um, I used to have these nightmares. 
They were almost.mers. I can walk in almost every major form of one of the border in the United States and said, I have the best idea for you. You need to do absolutely nothing different, nothing different. and I can move up your army, your internal action, and your EPS. 
I can change the both. I can change the through your path. and they useful look at me and say there't no, no mag, you know, oh very mess. I go, I sort of I said, I'm gonna invert your company to buy. 
I take these taxes. I'm gonna move it is 35%. I'm gonna move you to higher head. 
You're gonna move your carpet head higher, you're gonna have four more minutes in year higher, and you're gonna lower your tax 20% and then you do nothing good. You used to do that as like as a fiduciary forurable that we're supposed to with it. as an American system, I said, look, this is not American. So it was one like driving sort ofoose to go in the government.. 
We got the us or fantastic down 35 percent, we have an off the minimum test, 15% is all very bad. It extremely change. I think the trajectory of the United States. 
It's changed in the trajectory, how common state, how the invest where besting out and why best. So you think it valuable if all Americans had access to the same tax code that Donald Trump that I use, like if they had access, they knew I mean, I know they have access, but if they knew how to use it in anymore. Would that be good for the country? 
the IX got no income. I mean the country could the country there? No, what happened? 
These people would all have two trillion extra dollars to stick. Yeah, look, it' sound. It sounds like use it sounds like a unit work. 
It sounds like easy. But the reality is it cost us substant amount of money to provide woods and services and protect us as Americances. We will look, we spend most of illegags a year for a national net. 
So that also to train... No one wants to be... So, we' optic was the really that need more w start. then there are in a bunch of other services that are actually probably before human after. 
You know, we probably wants some positive one trillion dollars right now. Yeah, when you breach this 12, unfortunately spending $3 billion dollars a day on eight. We' like to get rid of like that we might go, but we to get rid of that. 
We'd really like to get rid of that let's figure out way to get rid of that. But you know, we think there some of the other things that need to be. I think most people in this probably make sure they the sources are. 
They probably say the medications they're being prescribed both new armed hous. So there's some of these agencies that have a function. Now that you could tell me that we've got substantial work in the inf regulism country, than any other country eitherlished them, I say, you're right. 
We have a lot more regular than any necessary. Why do we need a CPD, an SEC, if you read their charter, they're both there to pretend retail investments. Well we there, but we have a lot of organizations that are really people. 
And I'm hoping this is is Elon Mosy in in these guys get together, they point this out. I hope that we can see, look, we look at all of the major econies around the world. They have this in two in their ring. 
They have a markets regul conduct rate. We have probably eight times ten I need one two. So there are more places where we can cut backin of now of what places.. 
So with an evon system cut should we tooulate out the um what would the first time you heard about what? Yeah, look, I'm excited to see where it's gonna come. as a value sat through with a budget meetings and sat through a lot of tax games, I don't know where it all. Look there there's money in there. 
There are hundreds of billions of dollars in the system and look, when people talk about these things, I don't know if they're talking about one year score, or ten years from people Washington wasn't talking 10 years scores. Most numbers people owe in Washington is over 10 years. so most people talk like that, I don't talking probability over trillion over 10 years? Yeah, he that.s200 billion. 
There's 20000 billion that., I. What do you think the current condition of the Jessica? I think the current problem is is it is not correct, and there there's some things hiding onitude that I think we we what is the? Well, I was saying, four number two is what we're not. 
We're always looking right here once over here. So, look, I think behind one number two over here. and that no one is to talk about for the last year because we' an election cycle. no no one has talked about the fact that we really mess countryheaded. We miss anything our attack. 
The US Treasury is advancingact, very, very structural. We're gonna have to roll out in a much longer day of jour. It's relatively rooted to irresponsible, to keep rolling our deborture. 
It's just too big. It just has to be a problem. Number two problem is miraculously many of the loose things that have each immigant practice. 
They did say a word about the costing that their problems the last year. Their are dying cost of the. They are gonna be looking for hundreds of abilities of thousands of? 
So California California New York you. these these cities and states of face. they weren't the same they had their life and you like it over there. they didn't they were to say something. And we have a real housing these kind of. I mean housing houses is Los, like theordability index our own today is way off the scale. and this is the bottom one is great. only investment. 
We have a federal government that spends their ti in. So we we give our grants, we give us stimulus, we make more orgages the doctor and we have state local governments to spend all the time trying to deensify. This is. 
They go bigger, bigger loss, then they get hard do every time they buyability, you have to look at what is gonna do and how you got a a huge issue going on between citizens things and about. And somehow you gotta figure out that problem. You so now housing $440,000 house, it was too many, we printed all this money out where we printed in the last eight years or so. 10 really..ensially goes into the banking system. 
How much?. every runs times you take 10 maybe 20000 trillion dollars. So we rented in and $200 trillion new dollars in market list because the banks are all. houses owned up $10,000 bill up a four. Why wouldn't housing become even more expensive?? 
I and it' everybody. I live at as I said, you have a major house. I't I don't see a solution. to me, the solution it may happen if almost a solution. 
If we end up with the fed we keeping trying to keep kind of crazy the front end. So, remember the ferms were cuts of front inates. They havero. 
They had federal fund that is over magnified. That's what happened. war for a half a second. They cut overnight front. 
They don't deal with anything longer. So they cut overnight rates, we might get overnight face down. Right now if you look at what they're saying I have a three to three and half set of overnightades. 
They don't control the long dataates. Long data rates mean, let's go let's put 10 years in the birds. Let'send. 
We'll be only there. most of them here borrow in that buy the tain book. That's where automobileos are that buy seven orugget, most people buy houses in that sort of 10 year blockades. credit cards are out there the way out of the spectrum there whatever, whatever you get, which is higher than the rate out there. if you look at the redid over it's. So as the overhead rain comes down, what's has happened in that here, is the interest rate curve is not shifted across a down curve. curve is Dverted meaning. 
It's gone from negative flow the more positive. So the tenure rate as the over the rays come down by 57 by m worth, the tang rates going up by 57 list. And I think we're gonna continue to see more of that. 
So what home orders will do is Americas are unbelievably goodades. We found that happen. You found that everyone optimize their house in. 
What Americas that you most likely do is to move down the mortgage spectrum into the shortest eration mortgage thinking gap, which will be monthly for a yearly recess, which is a horrible place for for them. It's a horrible place for home, because the they can afford to a a lot more house and the curve is very steep and they're borrowing the lowest point of the curve, but if the curve moves, all is on the afford change through the net. and that's exactly what happened in the weight that you got not would happen there, it must have aged move, it was actuallyid value where the residual value or past where no thought has to appreciate and people would b hundred percent of the value of the home and the home is no longer 100%. There's basically the either race go up or the other light has value. 
So we saw in a way outside. what I'm worried about is in this like here, people are a very short. Do you a house that doesn't? The house that you live in design income, but it has property Well, it's clearly it's clearly a operated li you are you are you're investment house that house is interesting, you look at thisural they appreciate. 
So you look as but there's a negative character. where the house is an agency, because we we argue this is the negative with all the time. So you buy house, you're paying why to maintain it all the every day, let's say they end here. You're paying your mortgage this. you paying your utility, you're paying your insurance, you're paying your real estate taxes. 
You're paying it in, you're paying and you're paying. No one ever makes money. You think they bought white all of. 
So if they they actually computed all the carrying cost of the ad, they might be different, but public fair, if you had a list somewhere else you have unit cost the list. 14 month obligation, $1800 motion to lose. cost 24,000, no property tax, no HO, no, no deb, no. maybeugs. Iugs of it.. So, so like that to me why would you set out and see the solution with the houseingorder building what's down here? 
Well, there is the solution to be it has to be redesignate. It has to be more all. We're not gonna do it by the stale and on bigger and b ones, which is what every city wants. every city wants because the bigger a lot so build one of these. you build one house and four, you have to remind that at a house., you build a bit of a house might be. 
It's much more efficient reminding.. The cities mark, and they figure, so then they allow them to have 100 units on the worker thousand units in the porture, they gonna provide the first, but the end of the day is the only way to this. and this is what the said this one. and whatever whatever height they have on building in Miam email now, you' not in half in Miami, you literallyate a 60 feet, you go times seconds. It's. 
It's talk about the text. It's the only way to build a portable housing. This is the only way to what opportunity is that created. out in 2008, all the building stopped in match, all the stopped at the 11, and then we looked at 10 years later, 2018, there was that a massive passage short, and then on the set of and.a.. 
I' popular night., you know about.. there is gonna be a.? Every one of these buildings is more. And there's a I' I'm getting a bunch of business people, business for you guys want business one?, you got you want to build a a bigice banker, you gotta go buy a piece of land. you gotta design to build, you got a contract and build a building. 
You gotta pay all this expenses 100% of those expensive expenses get paid before you get a dollar. So you pay almost suspens. Once you lease the building up, you're in buy. but there's a a big command, there's a lot you in the world that will not take quoteote completion risk. 
So the insurance the insurance companies will take a risk. Most of the investors will take the insurance. The developer is the technation. 
So there's a huge amount of power that needs to go from land purchase the four. Once you get the four occurency, these buildings created in in a different market and and people like come in and efficily manage those buildings and then there's real common scale to youvi manage buildings quickly. But the day from bing end to full occupancy, it could be years, multiple, long years. and so the return of the capital from when you buy that building to get full occupied is a bit of an un known that you don't know what the S amount years ago. 
And by the as your year gets delayed, the construction costing the steel costumeope, window cross, price up, L. It allates. Very rare does the price of a building go down while. you look out, look at it to higher, prices are, it's that's higher. I mean, look at what's going on can't handle.'t get.m just fixed. wants that, ultimately we want a 3 percent of the player, we want at least three percent leaders. like the perfect economy that we had in the first year ofump, we had a 333. 
We had three11 and 3% growth percent on the top. But if we have 3% major for years, that's wage. 30% growth, you' saying 25% of your wig is going to house. Guess what? 
How's the price is going to just mathematically, because it's just what people would be willing to spend that house. There's gonna be the mean. How it goes up in measure? 
The the argument about terrorists you like the first? I like? So not. 
I think I hate tears to start out it for one of the most important tool of the rather has in their dad. So when a present walks came to visit another he and they start negotiating about policy about relationships, the redta terrorists for the use of terrorists clearly is a bit of a deal. is no one wants to do not sellest things. Remember, our economy is massively, massively data of any. massive.. 
And our economy is based on a lot of consumion good. We consume goods, the export services, that's our call. So we never want to custom. 
So it's a no country but never comes. no other country wants it wants in the. no other country wants to do is access to. So to start with is an important. so when it present boxing with a bilater, all that and other F state, he wants to load it, he wants to load it again. It's a great. 
What is used most effectively. and here's why here's text. When you have a country or company, and I' think on science is, where they have stable enterprises on their econies, which means their cost of capital of this zero. they employ employees, but they don't need to pay a living wage because there's no mechanism in the force of data. They have no environmental trains. 
They can blute the air, they can num all their waste in the rivers behind. They're turn off. They're this, no cross the capital, no living base, no environments straight. 
You better be able. dramatically cheaper than the United States. So if you give it a human electric vehicle giant, that basic entry electrichicle China. It is about 14,000 people. 
That same car at Ford here with the cost of capital, so they can barely return, but they have a high cost of that, having the environ experience that makes sense for us less come off the production line they call us money. It just this. Do you want we force Chinese to tear up to pass dollars to they can undercut the US and US workers that 100%. 
We should that. We should again, you still buy it. and speakers like it. that market if you buy it, by the way, the government's a win there, because the car is more than 14,000, they collected 16 they collected6,000 in costing order control, so the US government did 16,000 bucks that you want pay the 30,000 extra door. So did that terror inflation, and that this is what obvious market would say, you're gonna create inflation. 
I'm like, I want to find the market for 35,000 in these Chinese. I'm the one who created place not the terror itself. That terror not place we have here. 
That's where terrorism really needs. And there's plenty of rocks in there. So, here's my basic group. 
If we produce the needs in the United States, we should make sure the territory to a non competitive price, maybe the US, hes. pretty soon, here's where is. If we don't make it interest. and we actually want to make more, we go that we need or we need it. How about we need it like a mess that we really can't do that, because we're on it we're building it. 
So, when you take a mess that we are for every day and we need it and fucking can live us. and now you wouldn't occur, you are basically creating a fun. You basically say, you can buy that for a dollar? I'm gonna put it I't put it in. 
It's not two dollars. But there's no substitution. I don't think you're not creating you're not calling a US world. 
So to me, that is terror is not helpfully behind, and you are taking thisos into the obvious system and you are not helping workers unem. What do you think your international actice? What do you think the next? 
I think the next four years, look, we're looking at tasking form in. what is that? So, I think needs gonna be a lower, like like a lower desk. likes lower access. I look, one of the big disturbminents why you know, I think is it affects more different. 
The biggest argument we have the tax work is the difference between the small business tax and the carpon tax. That spread. We spent more hours on that spread than we almost do on everything else because we never want the tax code toemize anyone in this group or anywhere in the country to change their form of ownership. 
So that's so watch them stinks. I'm not sure the corporate tax is gonna move down in the United States. It's hard work to move and carpon America is not asking for it to go down, but if it goes down, it will drag orall maybe pall. so there is it will pull the small business tax down, holding cent down with it because that spread came out and wide. and there's a lot of mem in the Senate that calculate that to there, so that that that's good news. 
So I think we will see pretty negative natural. We will see a lot of activity on the world. We will see the sunboard, and that's probably the first see the sunboard, I wouldn't be surprised that you see executive words on January 20th an hour, and how long market this, one third one third system these things? 
I Iress there are a lot of CEOs that big homes, you, I 500, who are actively looking to move manufactory, move production back to the United States, look to reon south as much as they can. The biggest problem they're now is got is the they' goingt to need people to work. So we're gonna have to figure out a legal immigration stand. 
So that that to me is something that the term is that have to get to work on or else equipping, that we bring back multiple millions of manufacturing jobs, distribution jobs, natural resource jobs that feed in these we're living need to work. You know, the biggest the thing that we don't us is we don't wanna see people trying to migrate big jobs I think got back next table and not have people to take jobs., what do you think that happens with a bonus or accelerated bonus appreciation coming back? It's coming out. 100% coming back. and ast is coming back. all the things that are on store kids and give $10,000 credit actually be on table. 
What about uh bonus appreciation of radiation for cract.. about this? player there when no one was looking. You weren't supposed to see it in, I think was there. 
I was there. what do you you say? I think it might mistake. By the way it being a boom, it aoom to be aviation thing. 
You look at your minded jobs created by aviation in this country. It's another one where there's a little thing from natural on the 11th hour, maybe nine minutes, it's the best time for something they would some sl created a bring that's. I don't know about it. 
I'm not about that far. What advice from uniess these are business owners, small entrepreneurs, want to grow, one a scale, you guys want a scale? What advice 12, you got probably gonna have more taxes less regulation, you have Trump communist who don't like,om guy that conf got self shoes, hat,els, brands, NFTs. 
That's at least sell like the sell shit and make of America salesman. What if I do. Look, I think the army is gonna get out to the a pretty good star America. 
The pent up demand to do this is there. There's the enormous amount of activity in the system, or at least the first web, 18 months. And remember that that first year to year and a half group, that first year to year and half crucial, you don't know where the house is said, it's gonna look like two years in. 
If you go back to look at every presidential and present ad, the major piece of legislation, major things he have done in year one other.he it's wealth for reform, whether it's Obamacare, whether it's access, it's under year one is the key using know what' have, everyone's wired up, they feel like the the man in the woman is there. I think is the enormous compound of corporate activity, I see, I think it's that you need banks, they cooperation. I think need a lot of pressure on banks to push money down in the system down to the small poles, be more useless friendly, be accommodated, so if someone's sitting on the an thing, they're not standing, they might grow these bankans and even, these bank bones, I think the first word for the atmosphere is the great. 
Ladies and gentlemen, you. All right, all right, all right. All right,”

Part 3:
“when he's done in his business and it's not short of remarkable. Heed it in a $21 million acquisition of his company hormcycics by Sutism, one of the largest transactions and pharmaceuticables and biotech history. His latest venture son of therapeutics is a publicly traded company that currently has a market cap of half billion dollars. and by the way, this guy has everything he has touched in his career has turned to old. so this is thatiration name say. most importantly he actively contributes to women rock causes, uhapical world, uh continuous supporting the animalual contributions of his own totally not hundreds of millions of dollars. 
It could this eight before that to learn a little bit more about your story gentmen, please give it up for the whatever we Bob.. that.. I' sitting there on the sl who the hell is that? now. say that every single thought today, I just mentioned the backstage. 
It's not a person alive. It has an ad the chall is the problem errors and have had had that energy that overcome of chall problems and there is about winches, and ability to give taxes you get. There is no...vert guys that we're all in, but they' hard time we look at, that's why I went out in the first four letters about here E E A L the line. readers edit the show and... those numbers are dynamic, right? 
I mean, it 13key today, 12 tomorrow, A, the next day, four, the next, is my head said, I don't really pay attention to that. I pay attention to it. What difference what impact I have life in? 
I know of a very basic Charlie of the tea, of the trunk programs that he put it on and a grandard down or what the group is put it on here, we all haven't heard that made a difference... anything, how do you? How do you make that? And money? 
I have really some definitions today and we'll see what really drives me, and I think you'll see that I opinion with you. within the of ethics inality, the question is not, right? No, no, no. I mean it seems like there'sical to say, this is WE a wealthy wealth Westernore of the word wealth. 
WE AL wheel. What what is the arcade definition of wealth Avenue? What would you say money? 
money doesn't buy happyiness?alth doesn't buy a happ as?alth you are your health it doesn't your your happy doesend on your wall. 
Why is it wealth and happiness to end an end? Because when you produce wealth, you better product it. Wh what part are the three basic challenges you get to be happy? 
Overcoming various consideration, upset, failures, and succeed in any way, you're happy you did it compemplace good things coming up. Hopefully you came into the room, you were gonna hear Charlie and Bobby were happy. I learn these two guys. 
And then the final one is good things happy to and good things happen all the time, because there's other people around that would like to see you have you, resume is amazing with it just pointed out. I guarantee there's just said I' know a really successful person as an overcome and person ads give us this sort of reflection point that is the biggest group of you overcome that led success later, but produce well, I help other than coming out and I know this woman getting slide on the ass with as I, you know and land and being people like this. So life is full of challenges all the time. 
There's is one harmony that has succeeded in my pres It didn't give me day or a week remember. I' what I know and I would have done for all of them. So I say I'm a champion of. 
I say I about it, you don't know can't hurt you. But when you find out about it, you shave your head, here's the bottom line an individual, I love the word genius more about it as we talk with. G needs to bring about to be you get work here. 
It has been news user thousands and thousands of year. forth contain. So a genius is you a container of the ability to bring things about that happen. That's that's just a basic of light. you hear a game this whole game of life is to create. without people creating you're not here, I'm not very tri matter, this building is here, there's nothing here without creating. 
So given that that's the case, and a common denominator to life is survived, did you know that the early be the word survive serves being super and B used to live in a man that puts a future there. So it's all offering a valuable affluent abundant future there, so the notion be began to step in and I'm glad I' here. and if you a chance to come back and I up back and I like thatate, that's what it's about. Well, our definition is happy, be productive, is a part of life, everybody's life, and everybody wants that, and when give the chance to do it, but plant has a tendency of holding down,ashing down, there's no use with money money money is a form of energy. 
Life is about energy. It's why your ability to use the energy and vector directed in a direction to take great survive the super life. But I want teach you when you leave today or whenever you want to get a chance to look at the word survivor. 
It's in the dictionary as the ad aology and they serving her. Where'd you ever hear that? You' 20, you never heard that before. 
I had heard either two months ago. What does this definition of this word survive? Superhe, you're kidding me. superike and not when I look around, okay, archaic definition well, happy, where' that come from? 
So look up your wordsape and one willow pitch over, go to the end of the hall.ord small, the action are inaction in life. They don't start and then you do the ad jump jump beside jump on what they call a jumping. But we're a proclivity to have 10, 20, 30, 50 meetings. 
So if you don't understand it all, I sure you get to the etymology of the word for you comfortable with a b above, you. I. you soire by, when we stud... There's on. when I was a kid, I, you not. 
I't, you. I invent my definition is like, you work hard and get off. I got to the, what's the definition of work?
letion ofintention. energy smack completed your intention, then get entered last. So yes, I work. Yes, I went to school for six years. 
I attended school every day when I was at school. I played a sport at your girlfriend and I was busy on anybody else, I did not target get in a degree, but I learned you take me, you take the experience of years and far out, six of my top company came out of that I met at the. was involved in the Internet exploation. I built a company who made an improve that had to be digitiz a fortunate to a part of that I was that I had no idea what I know there's hot wires in the sky and I and I got that. that's really cool. 
I mention of uh communication from my friend transcript Mr. Har, and I said that that mention back and forth that would be helping communicate better, either that format is a digital handsome glove to that one this is gonna work. and the identities going on the Internet. So work, yes, I attend school. Education, yes, I say. 
I'm not educated, I'm not sitting here in front of you today, and I should implore and encourage everyone to get educated in ways it can really help them, but know your words, know who you are, and we'll get into a little more that and what was the education that help you in control and in that? Well, that was that was the career. that for the guy. He said, you're investing money for playing all all. and he said, I just don't want to be a guy who people what they do you know, oh, I listened toug and that fire. 
I got a job. And he got he gotopped. He started a little hot talk stands. 
I woke up back around 20 miles from my home the reached and I. It was this shit, but I had one rule, I nervous terror. I said, I don't. I went around, I finally found a girl who was her husband who signed by Tuesday cook as an ad cookies by someone. 
I said a necessity talking toby, right? But I was five hours later, they hard, say you gotta eat them when they're fresh, so that cook said we'll we'll sell that cooking, and I realize that it would go hard for the baby so I found that I was looking at a newspaper, now I'm in, right? Now I get curious, it's it's a geniusit characters a curiosity. 
I reading the newspaper section, I'll I learn how to read my reading four se and playing a game of that, I reading now that a cook section recipe and gets into this recipe and then said this is the most up in the world and the read, oh God, basketball, I sent it in the paper, and they said, well, each of the rescue back in that day, and then said 30, four I set up for the end you promised in ten days and then six day, I need to see this recipe. two days later I got the rescue. I took a recipe and took the raisins and a coconut out and I used it in with the nested chocolate it became the number one selling chocolate.. a hot was very crowed and we were the second world and you couldn't, you off.s of cur cur... you to work for canor the cell orat and, theate for normal self, and they don't realize it, butl they like, they go fast and go fast and go longer, they will consume the volume and the source of will elaborate what happens. So we've come along in medicine with chemotherapy radiation to resolve issues of cancer. and you say the word canered, it scarely crap off, right? 
congratations. survived. help you the medicine. is the medicine of you and you and your attitude to and what is your attitude here? And you are you really in and compliment whatever approach you take or resolving, your chances are best. telling you not survive. When I saw the justress, they saw. 
I have to the meeting and I come. And then I was my brother, my doctor was possible. and I said I don't out just said and goes, we're gonna get you right hair. and I got the right hair. I know that approaching the collection, I and said he had a care down be the my wife. 
So it is amazing what you doing, and you had an post. Yeah, here's a really you your life to say..G, but they' so so what what does control the body? 
It's a body. What is there anything else there other than the body? Well, actually, if you are no words for 1828 person dictionary, you look up the word spirit, that the immaterial immortal, and intelligent aspect of a human body, which is 22 years old, and I looked at that and I go, that's it for me. 
I totally got it. That's my favorite great model. I'm an athlete, and I know in athletic, there's a moment where you move, you shoot, you catch your passion run and it says, where does that cover? 
It's not that your DNA or somewhere on your brain. That's you observing the noise. NASA. 
The sign happens to visit to your. NASA time to move you move on it, let's go. And someone says, you know it' gonna be successful, and I say, no, but I do writing in. it's the intention that I have to be completion. 
Do you not get in and get something and it's true you cancer the medicine. Do you decide you're gonna live or not? And you decide, you're gone, you'll go improves the there's you to understand and and employ everyounce energy you have to discover what does you mean, what is spiritual capability? 
immortal and infinite? OK, from the very beginning, where that is there' infinite amount of time, you're gonna be here in this body or not, you are back of this energy, which money is a form of energy. What this virtually? 
is that nothing nothing that has the ability to create in the physical universe as something. That's pretty damn hard.. That's you, and don't forget about. they get going talk, you go, okay, no test where this guy died said the other day. 
What can I do? What's one thing I can do, and that's not gonna come from a section of your brain or your DNA. It's gonna come from you, and begin to build out and validate that, and then look at the wordgenius, and there's 24 traces that is now various associated with genius that are your inate in more inherent ability to make a electro right to make this survive, original definition, the action definition, super abundance, to make wealth, happiness, and an abundance all talk about. 
It makes it with is the miracle of life to you to get here shares with you. you when he writes about he's an immediate visit. That's a powerful lot and one time he goes against him and he still survives in the lead. He probably not being in Germany is incredibly powerful. 
We all know that. And so is you're welcome. and it's also true for you. just have that or belie that you can do it start with, there must be a solution to this. I'm gonna do it, I'm not giving up on this, and then things will work out. 
I tell you again, every company that has been successful I've been apart, I had that one, I looked at the, but I wasn't thinking because I would done journal has a little symbols in your life that what they. But you are a surfer... Yeah, yeah, I was the business an allergy here. there exclus to, I'm 16 years old and I'm looking in California about, and I hear about somebody a server and I just felt attracted to it and I'm looking through a serious robot Miller on the first guy of the planet that or a mail order surfboard. 
It was a I got aboard and a little series robot note back then what, you know, this was back in the 60, that they were on to something big, but they didn't know, you know, not Amazon just you grew right up and it did this thing. But certainly is the mostore because you're catching a an energy wave it's a wave, right? And I love ways and of energy. 
It's an energy weight, and when all of a sudden you got get all you've got with what's coming your wave and you paddle when to stand up, when do they do, when it turn, and you just all, so once it's done, you're just like, woo, it's an impressive time experience it's hard to you just't explain in words, but once you do it is it just like, I know, you just run down and you... I you know, I love great great services. I here in the audience, but but I'm good okay. 
I use a lot of money. favorite cooperated. see the? everybody's got see the. big ways guys guys going out to serve and you got a mentor and he's trying to get out in the big ways that did weerve? We just look here and then tell me what you're thinking in the background that the guy comes back two days on what you think about. 
I mean, what's out here for? There's a wave to get out in that wave and right against the rock, the wave's coming against the rocks and they can't go through, so the water pushes the back and it also goes out. along side of this one, you get your board and get right out and bunch of these places, some of them are 2030 feet high. You go through them, it takes a guy is really strong and make that happen. 
But it just to or line. observe the first step incompetence for each of us is observed with your ability. and I mean really use that nephew, how do you observe? You proceed and get indised. my class wife and say just front two women. You've never seen a five of these two women. 
They beat each other up and when they got rob, the woman who was bitch got back up, she was trying extra strong as she was. He had a better just the first. this guy walk away. He began making the first two is not gonna make it. 
He didn't, he got hit in in the, he cracked up like, whoa, and then I did not look it right out and instead of coming back the guy, he was tentative, and I knew he knew that he learn went that. and I didn't paid a j lot cred and I just pound enough there. You know that like a real man. these are two great people, but my spirit was my combin with Russians, right? shit. 
He got top to Jake and he said he yeah, that's the way you like taking you get back up stand in the down and all of a sudden you mig. I think people up at Mike this is that. Just to get in that word at 5958 and go to. the guy after your age and box lights around 9 o'clock place. show the sort of perseance that each ind the game like, and that's you always be, right? 
win something you're in, and when you're in, why we pardon? You're be pardoned out. go in all in? everything you got your go come back? 
Well, I mean, a lose is is a month.s not a company that got all the time you really lose is you quit before you lose, is just one second before, you put I a company that was gonna do an ethanet, uh, uhocated and AT was so powerful, and you just could not get it through the wall of the that ETED guys that the reality we' right here and we owe out a million so you let them go later million that investig all the, I just right with it right with what you doing you doing what you doing no problem. But don't walk out a loser because you're the victim, you do not walk away as a victim, is not tag you and stay with me. The victor, be the handled hail, shut it down and you want you, but don't walk out, Lucy hand it, you. you don't have to be that. and you don't do it, you realize who you are. 
You, you make life go. You did that first survive. You bring them afterwards combound success, and as not come back, you're gonna come back here, you win. 
It mentioned particular, what that means. It's very important. networks called, like, I UC go to a UC system and like four and the virtue like 24.ination population and I lost to about this UC cash, so it's a UC Santa mark.'s by and a good call there I met a gentleman named her and had a work master and went to Sanford where VHD on on investment and his that at end to a, not enough about theory rash standard in our rotation on the. beot and use a a lecture at UCSP and uh which was class we talk about how small r companies. And yeah, I really thought that was cool. 
I had as a kid, I looked at my sports page. I was a stock page, and I played a game, which are the problems of like six different columns who would have stock you can't make money without working for it, you want it wrong, so I was looking into the stock standard look at the company.. had to work with the money. So was talking about how was and and I wanted to come after, I attended this class to for a great I. I really correct. 
I heard on my sense in, so matter for money. I'm. I know where you know.. 
And research in California and had an investedirm reinvest. There are Boulevard in B Hills. I didn't know how do that I gave an obst Bouleard Hills, we can work together, you, I do I help and I started $5,000 half a million, another seven million, I investors on all that really have regard to herb measure her really to the basic investigate before you. 
I. And answer? I was I served him. So what did you what are you do you on a power? 
you service the hell off? I a little bit, but when all the movie stars showed up on on one party, turns out they pay $1 million. for write a test kind of appeared in there. and how you know, no way paid a name. color religion, everybody aspect for population. to experience that prayer, they want. We do this right here on this plan this back, and the rest of the world will be an envy and we will beond you are. measure we were all measure. 
I not you. I' we measure by you. You give it get this an exchange and keeping that exchange.uring your kids, measure your your neighborhood. your part of life, you're a greatest sand on the beach, if the other gra disappear, your grand sand, that's not too much. 
But if other people are out there operated shoes, they're really not the beach. and we know man times the beach. We gotta hit our heads around mankind, not just around I French and you around and we should have known each other hours and cross we got off. We don't have a we have to yesterday and all this is this is, specific. take a lot of companies, you know, I have yielding that taking a there's a lot of tri embarrassed. 
You know, random still, you know, it's necessary to scale up. I'm saying, well, it's like you're the opposite, you know, you scale up other ways, and you don't have to deal with Gary Gessler, he has a CI general thing you have to say? Yeah, well, yeah, it is not life you are you expressing yourself, and you'll express yourself from a view point of complex the environment in which you live, right? 
So, uh, I think it has to be evaluated the big juicy kind of metapolism, itogy you get a multiple times earnings and times seconds, whereas in the whole day, you take the shotsi egg, there there was no multiple of earings that the horse had to use to build the Shopi good, which is looks as good today that did the day they built that I give those people a lot of credit for the buy of it of America, a lot of credit. Now, you take your company, you do a billion business and get $15 billion in value for your business, because the guy Ryan deals it over the next hundred5 years, because he paid enough money to pay you that $15 billion and that not such a great mechanism to expand capital and to grow capital without UNI I lose UN.'s not one lose game. It's a win for game. 
So you have a visit that you want to capitalize and and expand significantly, publication good, because you could pay your fellow patriots in your company, you pay money, and you pay them from options throughout them, and they get involved. I here, as a member of the. just one of our we're sitting in in in Wood side, California's a great ways you at Woodside.s an outside Silken Valley, yeah, in in Mar Nancyi Juan. Everybody knows N Chicago Blackland, nice guy, a very actable guy. 
McGee, she's star you aan W. is and I know I don't I recognize him too.ript the bigger that they' everybody asking me to say, well, let's just walk in out of the wave if he walk by and he says hello and I say hey, this isgie's on angry we just wanted to say hello you. one of the top ten inch and he look right over the back, number one of 10. Then when they' leaving, you use the picture time. My son's there, I'm there, and he's there, and you are trying to take a picture yet I receive right eight and a picture. 
You walk right up to the, is. you're one on one.ude This guy's worth3 million dollars and he just a one on one. My next day be in the exact household, I said, as you want, and we' know everybody knows has anybody. Yes you want, just said that our CEO is number one I want to pay attention to her, we have you. 
He's her in Germany, she got a magic and normal, your hand on. It's all about our story, your story and your potential story is what you can do you if you believe you don't believe it's real hard to you the you know, in the space. I like that. didn't answer my question. 
Yes, I said it situation. I mean if you grow wannaap out, it's the least cost of money. That's where you after, what's the least cost of money? 
If you're a ski on or a wealthy family, and you don't need any more money, you might value your privacy more than reading the Charlotte in, you bringolders in recognize they are owners of that business and you have to treat it as subject. We have a rule of the confidence that our own. Good news, we get it out to you as it is appropriate in a context of what we're doing. 
Bad news, we validate and get it out to your right right. No doubt know why give me a moment, I'll fix it. This bad should be your order.. 
You to our intermedi, we discussed an answer and a lot of big of an, we start we stop over anybody have anything to say, I don't hear anything, they walk off this. I value you as shareolder and participant. What you think about the business count, you own it, right? 
You want to new go. I like that energy of other people want to me and you do low. That's how I like out., are, but uh red tape, and I believe it's easy do I get my actual. he's a very guy. he is sub and overcome those defeats and you know, visit from his dad for his head all the things he's had to overcome and he stands up for life and he said, hey, we gotta be a lot of excited, why are we here? 
He's defining survive. why are we here? If it's not for time to be and make things go right ourselves. It's here, more time being in the NBA. 
The winners are practice tomorrow way, why do I might this sport tomorrow? It's really all about woody, but all about woody is all about being able to lose and get back up and play the game again with the knowledge of what happens, the cost the loss is you won't be do it again and you're gonna be better at it because you can have that experience, and you then go to a mentor view because people have always push power in the direction that you depend on and never underestimating about the value of validation to the source of someone gave credit. They've noticed you, they've noticed you. 
Life is if nobody notices you or you you do not notice anyone else. We're here to be honest, so do good things and you'll be noticed, you'll feel good about it. That's just it's a wave. 
It's a communication one. You know we get along well we communicate. I loveery, but when they areustrated, from the poor sky and to the youngest kid, you're walking by and you right by them and say,ola, right back at you, equal. 
Hola,omo stop, right away there after that New York City.... I wasn't afraid what you say. New York, the environmental. you know, I mean the ris isation 21 million far. the biggest ad you double investment banks and people here are a lot of people smell, smaller, big have bags builders shorts. 
The kind of like, when you swimming sharks and you, I saw for 95% and the other five percent. a headline.. I got into medicine and gave it good. and he said, what's missing in medicine, there's one word missing in the medicine that's. medicineicine and additional therapy, especially between candid, is decidedly non friendly.. what's the third definition of Fred in or dictionary? An alliedor across this world. 
What did Charlie? And he mentioned it when he saw his doctor, he saw a malignant,ignantalignant, but somebody said, Charlie, these, I think you could make it. Charlie took that he said he thinks I could make it. 
He said, I'm gonna do it. The guy who said, Charlie, you know, you take your do that you're gonna do, you're gone. knows you see you five days or not. Charlie would have made it, but most people wouldn't, right? 
So, this this whole thing about what what you believe what you believe in in terms of pushing my Lord is really validating those validating you is really wild. And in the world of medicine, we came into a friendly and it stole the show. That's what everything wanted the most important thing is, what am I do about? 
By the way, what that my the way, how it? But the first thing I'm gonna get rid of this bank and don't get the guy that you know, isict him for a drug out. Weim adapt in the. 
I think that' involved.. You're you're hurting brothers and those are looking at you. those are you, you hire an attorney, therefore puttinging is to run run the show. That first is working for you and a good friend of mine, I said, you. realized that attorneys are working for you, you're not working with that your pain you're working with you. 
So what's true for you, what's true for you is probably a powerfulraid as I be you today. What's true for you? that you as you're not the. 
You look, how do you? do you think what you think? What the hell you your life? 
You may have a breakthrough obsession, people you don't. I do people are they'd be out, they were not. and they didn't want, and we built their multiillion dollar business. I want they transition from communist in the capital, you started an outdoor billware visit and he started expanding fast in six months and learn how speakroat, he did American things. 
He wanted be success of the life. his following said, we went to the library, I' gonna read a book on Ted Turner and a billboard, he came back home. and I've never seen you so upset. all day long I open the libraryrity and I want to find out about Ted Turner and Billbert and copy when he did there aren't any books? Next day he scratched his house and when you'reagging it, you're happy. And yeah, I figured out there reason that there's no books, it's a really comfortable business I't tell anybody about. that's how we' gonna do it. and you went over there and yearsmedi. what's true for you? 
That's that's what you have your energy. How much you have? You're not telling you to do something. 
You're teaching telling you. I'll do it whatever later I wanna do it. I do you really wanna do something, and then people will look at you that get there. 
There's a vibration of belief and has a vibration when you have others did, and when they get it to share with you and you win, they loved them for that, and you loved them or articipating, and they learn from you or leading out. I can I. I had a wrapping up onaction and I, let's write a first here and what are we gonna say? and I sit back, you know, you guys and to talk about. 
I what was it really nobody has? eight turn, 10 bang, and nobody can ride a preview press release. me. I should have. 
I have to be tired. I's like times it' really wild, but always always to participate, even if you assign some tab, give them the right to fail and give them the full freedom to do it, but you gotta be willing it might fail, you gotta take it up and can't my feel the time is you know, good.. perceptive is alsoricted. I can see in that third round and he didn't come back with Mike that he that he was when he was 28, it's over and Jacob. 
I gave a lot of the boxing boxing well, but he finish it we be really upset advertising our knocked out, and we just feel good about. I right because about royalty. Yes and you know, this sports might be a great high school.. two minutes left.ust. 
There is aust the connection that involves given back finally logical I and I found them in a bar economist. I found that a go. I day I. I, I drove my car through and I catch a dog and I distracted in my car along a little bridge and I'm into my car and goes down, I find out you can get a lot. 
So I mean, the streak is has a lot of people on. and all money down and I didn't want to tell everybody to laugh at me, I broke in Spanish and there big, they will get you out. And and they got me out and I said, I'm coming back. What do you guys need when you guys at this is Friday to sixth, is a party time and we need Whiskey. 
So, by hour and a half hours back, that wasoniskey. so then the next day I came back I keep his format, and said, how thebar psychology rep Puerto Rico, let's he know, he said there's a 24,actors to hand and UFC these, because they have potential and everyone and I give I give them all all. So for that going on, I' wanna show you a little video of what's occurred in Arabic, every community, every culture has to slump on. We don't we've give it lot. and I' sick or funny and expect. 
There're on drugs and crazy, and we know what happens when are we going would be great.. down the. and they accepted responsibility for each one of them being a genius and leading a life of true survival and wealth, and I'm asking you to do the same thing. of the American system of theox in the morning changed lives. May said, each is all the better by quality. contro. I'm having one last night. 
I've had a survey what I mind, who I live here? What are the things you would really like? If basically had this caration, it just was totally terrible. 
I said, tell you, one we wanna be educated, and two, tell us, we loved the word. I' written thatript. you, I met the right people and you met the right guy, but it was human kind being a human man. They wanted the NBA and they loved their work. and that is true for everybody that's ever been on this planet except the total derelict which has got in is very urgent, you need to tell it that. 
They' talk about the first. the signal lineoof and really give people rock wallet and theyated sand, maybe, you know, land grade, uh, and just do really well in your own life and then reach out and shut up that. You go to like.com, you alltimate. And if you think you do, I try to do that, then you are in inherites inside and irreversible. 
So even if you're don't knowmedi, you can't get rid of it, okay? So then it might find out what can do for you before you ignore it, in there look at it, and you will just see yourself growing and expanding each day, and here's the trick share it and notice it in others, because it is in others, whether they know it or not, and you see, this is real. We we are hum kind isorn with the capacity and the earth that make a error for the as you as being as.. 
We' one more time...., so aren't that very excited half years as well? you know, one of the things that we start looking at them we putting a c men together with we start going into the 50. Who are the relationships like you have? 
not just friends, but with their our ecosystems about the relationships that we have, they can share insights and perspective on things. They're happening at top levels of the organization of the world worldines you, world. The interior, from goldA. 
I mean, that is like the top top top little language crisis is in the situation we're trying to figure out how to solve it. So we start looking at all our relationships and fortunately, about a year and a half ago, maybe two years ago, we brought somebody into our organization who was a embodies what it needs to operate the highest level, seeing the transactions, seeing businesses with paid, seeing billions and millions of dollars of of money and transactions move around again. fortunately, we were able to bring in within their organizations and as our team. But he's got 15 years of an experience in investment management with the biggest funds in the world. 
The people that are literally controlling the world. he was in inside I. He was the global head of treasury of KKR, which is they have over $500 billion in assets of mar a massive company. He managed billions of dollars in cash on a dayday basis. Has anybody seen 250 million in account in account for? 
How about 50 million in thiscraft? How about 10 million in an account? This guy was managing billions of dollars on a deity basis. 
He managed deals, he structured deals. he helped get deals funded in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Before TAR to spent nine years at service, uh, which is they're running about $100 million to any. These are like the top players in the private activity game, and we are blessed to now have him as our CFO and our COO of our adventures. ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the stage for any Valentino. 
Who wants to build raise his dollars in play? All right. I'm in the right place, so I'm here today talking about private activity. private before. hands up only a few people? 
come on. All right, and who actually understands why that me to explain how the ones where the investment process, the fees? Okay, so the viewer, about the five hands up in the room. 
And how many people are invested in talking about n nonaditional asset testes, so these are p like private entity events capital, real estate, hedge funds, uh national resources, et cetera. And so there's apparently $15 trillion that trillion the t of assets of matchment in all space, and that represents 2 and half percent of global financial assets. So, while in absolute terms, I think we can all agree 15 trillion is a big number. 2 and half percent of total financial assets, it is is relatively small. 
So there's still a lot of room for these this area to grow. as I mentioned, there's much different categories in all you take the where you have the red boxes here, five, Metric international, private red is, and the real estate enemy, that makes up the line share close to two/3. Often people use the term private activity interchange belief to describe any of. So there's real estate private equity and describe activity were invested in companies, where you're buying selling companies, which is what we're prin focus today. and what you can seeraising a side chart the details and it't matter too much, but the point is really that he's trying to starting in their own the 1980s and the bondant number of these funds that is easy to growistentlyout. 
And so, when I ask this questionna earlier, there was only a handful do that phaser and turn touce the message, so one of the things we want to talk about is why is it attractive SS and and the people that are invested. So here we're looking at the returns of private activ, so if you look at the Latan side, what you see is the chart over various time horizons, showing you public activities versus a black bar. So you can see public average returns over any of these time horizons, is approximately half, but the second bar is, which is private ag returns over the same theaters. 
And then if you look at the third bar what you see here is not 25% of managers ultimately have returns that triple what the average public actors are. So, that will be easy to think why is there you investing this ass best? So when you look at the terms on a standard basis, they look very interesting, but you can't do that without considering the actual risk associated to to the ASI rest. 
So, it really the chart on the right, with that shows ultimately, all the really matteropes of the concrete dos on on the right. you see private activity growth equity measure capital. what this is showing is the return is relative to the risk, so anywhere that you have equal risk so that the ex accidentence above the bottom as you can't really even think of it as a her lying going up and down. you want invest typically in the ASS that's the highest. That's considered that part of us recommended and involved about bottom for area is part of the efficient here and how you buyola. Now, this isn't showing either, that' also important to consider as the terms suggest it's also yield. 
So one of the differences is why it might still make sense to invest it in an ASI test that is less returned at the same risk level as because of the might be getting look, right? And so that's it important to know and consider when you're investing in passive investments, pri is not anASI that's gonna pay you the yield. And so if you are looking for a year cash, then you're ultim invest something like an multiamily real estate into a car of capital for for a year. 
Then the next day in terms of returns is one size, so size matters privateneath in terms of through the files what's really interesting here and the first time I look in hisar is, you effectively the same average return across theign. So whether it's a small bunch, even size were based on, the average, which is in the middle is a chart there, the black do in the media, the box grounded is the average, is effectively the seen. But what's also really interesting is that you have smaller funds the top performance and the top managers perform far better than the mega fund. 
So you have an opportunity in general, they get a 35% return on in a small fun with the top manager, the top 25%, but the may one side and the average is only 25%. So, manager selection fun size matters. So, the risk returns all up great and it's the best available, but how many people are actually investing? 
When you look at the US allegation in Adiral, what you think is only 7.4% are better than private. Very small number relative to the opportunities that getting their returns and you have as you do not a little bit that our. You' 73% in traditional so earlier mention alternatives. fix the econom activity is not alternatives. you have 73% terror. that ultimately comes down to billion is access. 
And so a lot of people don't even though where the E mind as a private manager, they don't have their relationships that are necessary, but I have adventures the guys that most of you in this group know how to open up a trad account with the the biohy style, right? And so that access is really the big part of it has keeps these to this number where it is has seven4% in the US. So who is the desert nesting? 
So these these are the largest and most sophisticated investors in the world typically, talking about pension funds, insurance companies, ult high worth, family offices, and downwards. and as I mentioned, it is is the access to the relationship that they have that allow them to be able to get their money to do. And for people, like most of us, there's really investment girls that that are too high. And so, in those cases, you're talking about five $25 million minimum of investment in private equity funds, and in some exceptional cases, it could be a little bit lower. 
But even if you do want to invest in a one of the mega funds or even an advertised one, you're gonna have a hard time getting prior in the allocation. These big firms are big managers want big tickets. It's so they have an investor that able to have $100 million dollar check or $500 millionack, they're gonna take that money before they'll take your two million or $5 million, even if you're over the minimum. because it's easier for them to less head more efficient, and they view that money is much more patient. 
All of these people that are still on the lefthand side here, in terms of who's investing are considered patient after all. So there are people that are investing for long time periods in many in 20, 30 years, and they have the ability to let the money sit there on the side and wait until the fund managers are calling it, and they can wait until the fund managgers have the opportunity to actually do their businesses so we'll talk more about that in the second as well, in terms of locity attorneys associated with the prior. So, just to go a little bit deeper into the numbers, when you look at that allocation of these foles, all these large institutional verbs, pensions, foundations and chargeged around the capital, is between 20% and 52% allegated the alternativeus is largely based the private acc. 
So 29 to 52% and the right side of that's individual side of individuals is only 9%. So, you have the most sophisticated investors in the world that have the most resources in assets, and there's between 29 and 52 and every individuals are only at nine. The uh, especially for some asset guys that returns so low. 
And why is that so what another thing I want to point down is is the retirement gap, so in the world that und estimate me sevent trillion in world economic world. They see the se dollar gap between how much people have saved and what they need to have they were retired. In the US is estimated that you need $1.5 million retirement. 
I mean, I think that this is is what the 30 says. And the average American only have $80,000 here. So eight,000 won by it may have to make a difference. 
How can you make up some of that obviously higher terms, right? There is just one way to do it saving money but generate higher turns. So now we're jump into the boxructures and talk a little bit the investment process. 
So, this is a gross universal fining example, but this in general, you have general partners, and so for those of you that this hand does not their job, you explain a little bit of the general partners and that people there all the black will be for the the final, and then you have the limited partners, which are often referred to these, those are the of the investors. investors will equip into the fund, the partner manage the fund, they' go out to the bi different companies. Ultimately, the goal is the divided a company might agree a value next. And so you can end up with many many more energy they' very complicated. 
There's all sorts of cash, legal reg, et cetera, as why you would accept that separate enties so that you have crossizedability and the companies so that you've met minimizing aes. and ultimately, theseed actors all have signific resources and spend millions of dollars a year of taxes legal license and and all of that immediately did this successfully. So the event about this I just mentioned sound simple right byrome exit. People allowing people can get to something they danger to themselves. 
So I just jump is a little bit of where on what it actually takes. So when you're looking at the acquisition process. so, this is out here to some of the steps, but ultimately, all of these fms are looking at hundreds of deals a year, they're only closing deals at aated roughly 2% all deals they look at. so if you have a fund in one made 20 investments, be typically they need to look at close to a thousand deals, they would do that. And you're not working off of that, you have to utimately figure out what are our target companies? 
What is they? What's their rep look like? Was it even though the like? 
How big checks I want the right? to invest? Do I need financing? 
Who's your buy financing? What that financing? Was the real structure like? 
what kind what kind of expansion plans you have? How do I engineer this business? So that? 
What kind of technology you have? All this part of the process as identies and he keep in mind to two percent of deals private closed. So it is a year of hundreds of deals will your hand. that's important is because it also translates into intentionion deals that they're doing. 
The averagecri today is between $500 million and two and a half million dollars. Wow So, that's a that's a pretty big transaction. The reason that is is that all cost involved in it is. 
So the lawers tax structuring, the hundreds of deals are looking at and not doing it. and so the order to be able to bear that cost, you need to deal with invest in size. and it's also because you have these large institutional investors that are really be00 million million checks and you need to do their money. And if you don't do with money, you't add in peace, and so they're looking at much larger companies and basically wearing the exens space. So we talk about brown, so by pro cell, there are a lot of different ways to add value. and this is something that part of measure that we are, I would suggested to me, I helping'breo scale, and we have a whole process designed around how do we identify vision vision now become the evil talent, what we pay people, uh, you know, from a finance perspective, financial training, budgeting, passport work essay, operations with technology, all the things I conneed earlier, the bigger out diligages. 
These are all the different things that you need to actually did go and execute on once the company's concerns. So you can have a great plan, but when it comes out to the only to have the operators in place that I able to actually go in next to that plan. where different and there's a lot of different ways to create values even outside of the traditional, you know, fixed the company, through operations and bi additionalapt streams, effectively, you create financing strategies to create value for the equity owners, also different things you can do. And so once you've done all that, you sell you exit, you' also you have the term modetizer monetizations, so that that can be done a lot of different ways, too, with the company. 
You can do an IPPO, you can do a secondary sound, you can sell to a strategic. when you hear somebody talking about it as a strategic acquition or a strategic buyer figure out it as you have a company like oh, you Camp HA company that will buy another HA company. That's a acquition. An HAC company that wants buy an electricual contractor, also haition because as an connected business and industry for them. 
So it's where it's not gonna be a public offering or secondary transaction, it teacherition also will often result the highest prices paid relative to to the other and so this is just to summarize everything I talk about the investment life cycle. So all these things in the red box, these are all the things that we're deal with in require companies. So the way you talk about a choir, these the valuation of lives. 
That's what we're doing engineering businesses in our flatware. where you talking about growing company that what we're doing ex cheap on that view of that plant and throw our speed business in there. We actually that's our high cell team, and then we have all the resources in between and the US guys are aware of the health training and educated business designers on how to do these days as well. All right, so the pivot now, we talked about the front structure, the investment lifest level. 
Now, how does investing the private action was it to you if you decided to get to a private number? So first, these are what they are called a committed structure, so you're not actually writing a check, put money out, they want you're signing effectively a contract to say that when the firm finds deals, that you will invest and provide the capital that the time. So as an example, if you commit a million dollars with that money, and they go out that they find a deal on this, we need to call 10% of very much capital. 
So they'll call 10% of your million dollars alone with every other investor that's invested in the fund. You 10 to 30 days before the investments made, and then they'll take that money and acquire require business. So when you see here on this chart ultimately is the investment period and the redines on the left that are looking negative, that's national to the best perspective, going out. 
And so you see the green line which is accumulative fast with her started to drop down. and then you start to see the black bars coming up, which is the monetization activity, so you start to see dividends, you see financing and reconization, cash coming back the investor. You see veits start to happen. And so then that green line which is tequila cash flow, so I go back up. 
This is called the Jacob, so this is just another term that you'll hear a high, and it's also part of why you have these institutions that are typically investing the data have will be and the time theers would be able to was that the lack of liquidity. So you don't get your capital back out either sold capitalization or paying. So then how did these project you guys at the four all ours? 
It's the fe. So, how do the fees work? I explain it rather the relatively simple matter, so there's management feed because we're doing all the work that we talked about. right? 
That investment lif cycle, all that process, setting the bond dealing with all the paperwork, the administration county and territives magity that. And then to a line there interest with viewers, there's performance space. And so if there is a 25% performance be typically what do return, you'll say if you have your first 6%, what I charge on, but everything after that be 25%. just as an example. 
So, if you have a 10% return, it make alication. If you have 10% return, and there's a 6%, you're paying 25% on that one percent. So the first six% of the money goes back to you, with the possity investigation you, that six percent of the money is the reter is you, and then you're paying 25% of that work percent that's what we need. 
Does that make sense? I agree. So just to quickly recap, what we talk about, so you can a lot of this throughout the conference playoff. 
You have invest yourself, investor business better, Casinated. R EB is arguably one of the best as places forasan with one difference of nuance being that you're not gonna be. This part of that reason you get much better performance in terms of to overturn not action for the basis. and you looking to find on the basis. 
So the biggest benefit is the higher return. There's significantarish energy that have left this aspect list principally used by the sophisticated large skirts of the world and by a lot of burning bit, so see a lot of more of these main ones, a out there have blackac now. Big590 milliona there, several hundred, 350 million range, as well. 
We talked about five bloodructs, the investors processes and peace. So that's not one on one of the basics of paper, and now on a job needs to talk about bit of what's going on. that is paid by everything trans marketplace and what's been happening over the last few years. So, these two charts are what the first will the left shows, better capitalloyment is very similar to private deployment, technically measure capital, these same type of private equity who is just looking at it earlier. stage companies. and nonexisting business is in many cases, a lot of times it's pretty bad investment it. 
But the seems is true for larger product activity as is to preventure capital in this time period, it's just the point of it has slowed. But importantly what you see is it' kind of the point in 2021. So the 2020, 2021, a lot of captors been deployed, and the valations that was done at when he was free were very high, which has translated into what's happening now where exits are very slow. 
So this show used as exits have so significantly by directory. Why is that important? That's important because their altern is not disributions to investors. investors are large funds and the sophomore funds, theension funds, et cetera, and those people typically are respect that their investments in privateity. 
And so what what has happened is you start to see these funds in the down market. and so for example, there's a $4.6 billion middle market product one announced by KR relatively recently. That's a significant move for that to move down into the middle market space versus where they have operating. So part of that is because the stigous impression that exists. at the higher than the market. from evaluations that buyers and sellers are still not acting sellers want too much because they paid too much in 2019, 2020, 20 to 21. and our fires ultimately are expecting evaluation come out further, so there's been so difficult be getting that national to that traditional war. another thing I first initially is this uh few Republicans of these, right? 
So, this was an interesting fact that I found that I was not necessarily aware of and afforded a low research here. But there was something other companies is incre by roughly half in the last 25 years. So that's a huge change and what you conceal the right is the actual refuge of publicers private. 
So you have roughly you know, 85, 90% of all revenue is private companies, not public companies. As a percent of GDP, private companies are 56% 50, 60% of your GGP. So that is also a very important significant personal market. 44% of that is the small means that businesses that have traditionally in largely. 
Another more stats for use of behavior of the great Wall transferred why is this important development. So, 51% of small businesses in the US are owned by people that are 55 plus. Of that 21% are owned by 65 plus, so people already have an entirely age over 65% or under 21% of the private businesses in the US. 
Do you remember earlier, I also mentioned that the retirement band in the US in wasinarigan was about .5 million, and what people have saved is 88,000. So all of this aging population needs to sell their businesses. So, as a percentage of GDP, we're talking about 44% of the USGEP. 
It's about 51% of that 44% is owned by these folks. So we're talking numbers of the trillions of dollars on the key that means to dream change hands over the next five to 20 years. And so the opportunity to invest in these businessesertific private equity, which is typically ignoring your money anyway, is very significant. 
And because that we we are ultimately announcing our part of equity much. And so the entire of the purposing goal of part of energy group is to allow you to be able to take advantage of that opportunity. So, what are our advantages? 
Well, we have to try entire deal clubs, so I talked about partner measures. We worked with thousands of businesses, the engineer scale, those companies, and cost of that many of companies to us all the find whether theirients are not, that are ultimately partner with or looking for personal investment. And so we have that is hundreds and not thousands of years a year, that would we look at? 
We have proven scal those? anybody was at the part that had referen earlier, Brandon had a couple clients above stage that ultimately have had successful exists and significant business growth, we're talking pile 10, 25 times one revenue, in terms of growth in a short period of time. Ken itself is another example of the scilling system being applied to an actual operating business that business went from granted and grandpa that for about three years ago, there was two million revenue, first created 25 and 75 million, and 130 million for this year. 
So yeah, this is this is all these are all real numbers, and this is this is what this gall system that bring an all of the team have created and actually produce, with the best effect has market vehicle, it's a bad value, if you can imagine taking grants and granted sales teams, putting into any business, what happened to do for it? and the market agent practices that we have? putting that in any business and then the ecosystem. 
So the opportunity for these businesses to then sell commercialized our products within the community. Last but not least, we we have paid of thousands of private businesses that no one else has access to. and this time data other, but then three times that allows us to make much better best decisions and recommendations. So, our first one, we're we're target doing our fund race and I fully expected hit, we had people asking us how to how we invested you for years. 
We're we're gonna take only a hundred uh the credited investors, which means it is the last two years you made over $200,000 each year, your credit investor, we have more than a million in the net worth live in net worth. and then we'll also take an unimited number of balls at first search with music one five million of the Internet. So still be a primary normal. So if you're interested iniring with us in investigating part an effity group of this QR code, we see a lot of a lot of things go on. you can head over to the part of acad group remove the talk with the team or myself, I'll I'll be walking around the around today as well. 
So, what I would close out wasn't just some big ways for you, again, just Cameron, invest yourself, invest in your business, investing passive income, um, look at your asses out. So I then invest is really, but how are you tested? Are are you looking at how much passive income you have? 
What what are you actively inventing? For example, I would consider an investment in in equity and an actively managed position a public equity that is to be doctor and then not necessarily pass. So what what? 
What do you access to? and how do you get access, right? So you've heard Jared and the team coffee got the wealth club, the ten wealth clubs are a great way to continue learn and invest in yourself, about all of these different acidests, but you're going to be an opportunity to access a lot of these and invest in a lot of different aspect as well to that. 
You if everyone in this room has access to cor capital, right? So that's a good passive investment strategy where you're ultimately get a cash shield, and at the end, appreciation on the assets. You have access now to part of that. 
But what else do you have access to? what what other funds out there and similar typs of opportunities? So, if you want to work if you want us to do the work for you, part of thaterad. if you if you want to try to do the work yourself in investing businesses, we use our b cell team, also get through our off, so we also have the next myself out there. that the advisory work, you can visit that as well. 
That's all I got.. I was telling Brandon I like, I probably read 25 books now on private. I still get it. 
Aunt Grant said doesn'tackle what I was doing what to do. because what Ed was shown you guys is that there are massive returns being made there, and almost none of you have access to it. And so that's really one of the big uh outcomes that we're looking for in our business now. and and one of the reasons we partner with the radio in the team and carterventures is because if the business is broke, these are the types of realities that you run into rent into investment in bags, private action firms that are coming along, they do deals every day. This is what they do every day. 
They're gonna do black transaction in your career. They eat them every day. music has the advantage. Not you. 
And so you need to have people around you that can help you navigate this process and that's what part of remember who bet is about, that's what our wealth club is about, so that you can have access to people like Eddie, Brandon, who have done heels at maybe on the de team, all these people who have done billions and millions and even billions of dollars in transactions. So this is something that you have an outcome for make sure get connected to the group so that we can helping with this. We've already helped the number of people exit their companies, and you're gonna hear more about that and a little bit here. 
But right now, we have a very, very amazing hand that we're gonna put together. our host for the panel, is a serial entre gonna work, some of you know him. He sold his last company for 77 times he made up? You may.ity group was the incubation company to really prove out his strategy and his model that he wanted to break into our ecosystem. 
And that company he ended up selling to a public company. so he ended up being acquired by a public company, the stock I think was traded for $17 $18 to share when that transaction happened. They brought him in, this was a global company, proved something out in the US, went to a global company and said, I wanna implement the same strategy model that I used to all these businesses, I wouldn't apply that globally. Everybody told him it wasn't gonna work. 
Different cultures, different things, people aren't gonna do this, people aren't gonna do that. There's no way it's gonna work.irty or six months later, the companiesared price went from $18 to 94 a year. He added $3 billion dollars in value to that company and he did it two years sooner than he was targeted to. 
He's kind of so, okay? Now our guest is incredibly remarkable. He is the former vice chairman of NASDA. 
He's the former president of prudential financial. He is the father of the jobs act that allowed for most of you who are invested in cardgo cattle or invested in syndications. He was the one that authored the build and may all of that possible. 
So you're gonna need to show him a little extra love, all right? you like those cash checks. And he's managed over a thousand public equity offerings. 
You guys want to scale your business grow your business, have a major exit and these are two guys you need to listen to. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Brandon Dawson and David W. All right, everybody. 
It's been a good morning so far? All right, so I'm sitting here with the godfather, that's good all you small business owners access the towel. and this anastic fight woman to why what's attention to it. You still be any small business. 
It's hard enough to make your business work. It's another thing to be able to ask. This is where he and I came together, because before I had on met him, I wanted to change how I believe was used in businesses, because I saw directly what happened when we don't use right and have access somebody else's money and not control it. 
So fast forward, I was pro it out, he was restrustrating capital for all businessers. And so this is gonna be a great conversation. Can I can I do that I'm an economic actor that in my and I and I have all about. 
I think soft problems, create job in, so that as you look at the soft global it's be somebody that cracks out of the atm driving in the. So I just wanna see a show how many guys are entre? Yeah, you are my time and so much. 
We have lots of work I in this country. there years ago, this is one of the things that we got closer that we did get job, was to lower the bar on, actually public and supported in the after, right? So we actually had in the first administration the earth closing something wall that was the job Western confidence act of 2018 went to the house six before, but then because of all the gangmanship closing down and normally over the wall, it should have got asked for the wall and it included a newirm of stock thatation that actually would have taken the gestation period from 14 to 60 years to go about back down six years. I'll a little bit about. so there is a big shift of about Eddie even talking out on stage, how have the cl that you last few days and all this. 
I was very fortunate in your talking about this is when I did the first business transaction. I was 26 years old and I bought half of the company and I wrote I wrote a note because I had one, and the guy says to me, no good. he says, now that you bought half the business, I have to teach you how to run a public. what are you talking about? It was like that and the stock. 
And I was I have no idea. It was all four language to be, let me tell you something, it was the best because level. you actually have all the specific rules and you can file it where you can be listed in where you was jail. So a private public company has a own set ofations. 
Why was there such a huge in the number of going and what was theation of that for small businesses? Um, there's a kind of balacy that under the markets and markets and the markers are created like each the there. And I think that and waterats stocks great and apparently lived with man in respect tens of thousands of words interact. 
But when you get down to more capitalization, the national state is is one thousands, they've sell fire. You guys get some quiet. if you have a business, it's making a million dollars a year, how many investments can you have in that business and what's their belief about in growing that business? Because if you believe it's not gonna grow, you're gonna want to be a seller, if you believe it's gonna grow huge, you wanna be a buyer, you guys get that, right? 
But when you're a little tiny business, you're not growing much, you don't have interest in people owning or selling because nothing's happening. nobody knows you. you get an wall, level a visability and market participation and so if it's like 10 guys with you. are gonna do stock. I mean, if somebody comes in with a half million shares sellers, you know, 10,000 shares a day, that's half go down. and and that requires a different marketructure. That requires that requires something to hold a bit there, something to break up that 500,000 share block, break it in this small business replac, and that's a different market structure. 
And so when you go through the kind of the, you know, the file that needs to be, you look at all the company, the vast majority of companies are small, they leave those broers to those intermediaries to kind of replace the shares of the research, and it's not until you get a very large and trad like the amb video or an apple, where you get tens of thousands of people looking at the stock at any particular point time that it trains organically naturally. So what we did was we paid up in our ar constructure changes. We gave up the best idea of earth ends and industry birthing ends and innovation and that the world had ever seen because of frankly the stupidity of some of the people down in Washington that really didn't know the cost of fact, they purch stop saving investors money on transaction costs. and what they did was they they brought the support were small models and all the economic models for more confidence. 
And so that's something that I'm voting with gray trying to fix right now, because I mean we got to the slides we we went for 9,000 publicist companies to 5000 and our security exchange position. 9,000,000. these were actually that were given up at were shown the House financial services committed of the US representative. And what you see if I set up and I was walk over real quick, that the black there is some $50 million IPO, so you can see as a percentage of total life goes and drops off the equip in a very short period of time. 
That was 97 and 98 when they changed the market structure and they went from one that actually created like an economics for people to actually rope and get out of market stocks to one where there was no longer money and they were just doing an electronically, except there's not enough. There were not enough workers there to kind of just let the market anyway. So it drops off to its left, and then if you go over here, this is one of the great things. 
It's like, you think that your your government knows, right? But if you go over, you can if you go back to the other chart, uh, there we go. What you see there is the index, the growth in operating copies that are listed of markets from that time when we went to all electime market structure and the United States rose from 9,000 operating companies down to 5,000 and read the volume of the file and in China in the top that that time. 
And so we had a US commerman said it today. is we, which one is China said, sir, not as like the top. We don't which one in the United States. I said, we're the ones at the bottom. 
He said, we', which one would you prefer it? And so from there, they all went out from different directions, and I think what's important for you to us. Look, the reason that I was able, when I was 26 years old, to have a microcap of a gun that allowed me to race cap and around and allowed me to acquire exchanging my public stuff for private stuff that allowed me access to using different instruments than just cash that you know necessarily have to raise money or using the stock as class to deal. 
So, when you have a small public company, then you can use your equity in different ways, well, that means significantly went away, and we opened the markets for other countries to be able to expend on that. So if you have a bunch of money to put into a big company and you wanted to risk a little bit of money in a little company, hopefully to grow the, you lost those markets as an investor. and thatution 9,000 out of 5,000 and who took that for market. Well, in the United States, I mean kind of tragedy of reason that the experience in really know that. reason why what I didn't know it is because NASA and the US doange were reporting there he was in copies, they were including the reange tradines,osed andond was not a. 
So we had to go and spread the funds out of the data to see what was really going on. and we knew that we're practitioners, we knew we did the problem, and but they weren't listening to the practitioners until we actually showed the data that thatA and then that guy. we got a lot of these wanted to so important for the on the issue for this now six years. We'll take back million dollars, not in all the market, which is billion dollars. so this is the implication, right? So if you're sitting there as an individual investor and you could invest a portfolio of a bunch of small startup company, it doesn't pay of any of those to go huge and become successful and be massive return right. 
Or if you're looking at ornovated all of a sudden you're like, I'm gonna go to world money, because if you're at least 20 companies and yourself, you need out. But nucally, those storeated companies huge, what was out on the thousands. God, it was sentences that. was it what was lot.. 
I mean, you know I was the compl playing for was a new job I was demand I actually used use a photo group one design line all that. after found out one of the standards on maps and list of New York. It a lot of games have. I want EE a little, but let's talk a little bit about all these businesses that were outside law in its industries, trying to wrap market shares, using their capital, using their equity, most of the projects a lot of those signific between a big company and that myue has good stock, useful retail and and and a professional stock with students, and you got institutions, you got retail, people are excited about the stocks. he talking them up because not the user's are currency. 
You're not just you know what you need most of the creat. hand, right? I mean, then your stock out there and scale, it gives them current right, so you will. you buy now and your stock, you all supported and you have a lot pass because the stock price your public stock is is at a higher multiple. look, a private company, for example, if you' $50 million community and age tax base, we can call it five80 million worth andures. But if you go 20 of those companies together, and all of a sudden there are a million dollar might be your more. 
Well, and and ir because the times in the scale, if you have their air dollars. buy iron. I don't multiple die. And so this is the idea raising app aligning businesses, put in roll of strate, dversual businesses together, but what you're saying is that almost half of the small businesses that could have been doing now, actually only only been not access to that capital or the stock market, they're gonna have to use traditional fund a lot more than that. 
I mean, actually is the distribution is is lot better, right? So there were as many options from $100,000 to 1 million in revenues that are from one million cans that are fromen to hundred and and so on and so forth. So so if you look at it's a lot of limit distribution, just a massive bottom of the upside of of the bottom of Europe. and and so, I mean, what you've did with your first population, which I think is brilliantly, is you're aggravating smaller properties and giving managements a mod mod many it gives people an opportunity ultimately to have a public cards given the basis actually assessment take the aggregation, right? 
And it creates when you when you're sitting at that part of of the baby boomer retirement and that wel transition is going on. And there are so many entrepreneurs out there that don't have an extra strategy. And so in theory, you should be able to by aggravating all these smaller businesses to scale, you should be able to give that the benefit of some that valuation group I also be taking in the aggravated specific industry so two scans. 
The one I lived in first, is why engineered business I engineered West, you go to Wall Street, you raise capital, you you access venture, private equity, you go build an infrastructure, you go spend your money and buy business, capital structure with the host that you'll you're spending and do all that will eventually accelerate the revenues of the things your mind and create more value in the future, which makes to it. You're spending money today to make money tomorrow, okay? Ey three weeks in the most work. for the ones that do work for need to use. 
What I did as I said, why spend why raise money? Why spend money? Why don't I disco write into the business cards and say, it's to the spot? 
I'll give you ad in my management company, build the infrastructure, you give me some side of your business, and now you're gonna connect to everybody else's doing the tool phone company took it mark five 77, 19, but we never had any else items in I would see them customers with my. I have enclosed the people that were all benefited in eachR. you with the Johns, you said we need to get access to alcohol of small business in order to get access road app also used actually in a way that allows money and other opportunities to people to their business. otherwise get legal, they couldn't move. I the SC miles in order to get approved in 2004, I say no, no, no. 
I finally my ways with the SCT. approved. I think you w it up, so what our code, and we were talking about this last night. In 2015, even though it was in the process that wasn't yet. and ran lunch. 
Rand says, promoted. and he had so much aspect well it was 2017 were he not confirmed. Yeah, theation they were thinking, you, in and stuff. I was actually coming by the laws, so I had no policy side. 
I happened there, we passed the job back. There was only one title was where you go themerant growth company for that actually extended the run land. all theseus buyers to go in, like sidel capt the IP know that is and actually help I marks on whether there international all say two million lives. this information mate permission, like a crowd funding, like glic privateacementsceed, which I think you guys use regulation a plus those things were not fully for so. They were mandated that, and they took a number of years and the rules. 
Jobs act asked for 2000. Wow. But then these these separate, it took a while, and and then it takes a while to the security system stand only be the first, you know, you don't know how they're gonna how it's gonna work out, so ultimately, it's started to get adopted, you guys were men, I think they were four of adopted. 
So this is really important. He is the one that went in and how the change the rules and you access the capital, make it simpler, less regulations and more own markets to get.... jump on that. What does he better known? 
So he started hammering on it and has raised more money he. execut times. So the reason to bring this up is we have $5 trillion in buffets after. in the next few years, you have I wrote how to ask as capital to scale bigger, better fast more valu, and do it legally moreally utterly life. And you have the number one guy who figured out how to access capital to bring Wall Street from mainstream. 
So what we're talking about, you heard reser' like, I don't understand how the what is. is it? Okay, here's what I do. When I said it with Gregard to talk about, I didn't understand howard said.. 
That's why I just said random on your part. You're not gonna understand how what this is. Here's the question for you. 
We're all working together, learn, developing, conquering, winning any trust to people your partners with, would we do bigger better ask for more val as a team or's why we created. So you can start getting into the room I mean, why, listen, what's the odd person to all about blue house. I but I'm with the fact that sometimes people really look up on and I understand, I have some of these conversational know There's a lot of you know how much. 
I will tell you that we in Congress at the end of the people.ltimately in this world, and so the ability to volume on the basketball race to required to have in our national markets are foundow people that we have unintentionally of really limited for potential from every person in every England in this country. He basically my out. or lot of the work we trying to do is to create tool to allow every single one of one out here to have that can, and so the innoation. aggravation, right? And that actually is an innovation on top of the innovation that was the John's act that actually makes it more feasible to get properties into the public marketplace to private to give that to give them a return on their effity, also ultimately and national strategy that they otherwise wouldn't be able to achieve by themselves, right, okay? 
So, so there's a lot of so that actually increases also the likehood of the other people our business, you, you know, you don't think about it in that in that way. But but for me, it's about getting up to that, right? And I'm not way together, everybody feels learn more from our failures you success. 
I don'ting the back, the wall, it up,ing the again, the ball. And at some point you're gonna connect with that ball, you're gonna get hit you're gonna get on base. And and that's what we need is more people learning by doing by trying and and we will be absolutely unstoppable in a free democracy with free markets. nobody can stop that. 
I make a little bit of a commentary on how much going on, right? They're having problems everybody now and part of that is because they're not getting out of the way of the entrepreneurs, you see what they did with jack off, you know, it was being too much of the you know, that kind of stuff actually triplest in the economy and stifle their assass. It what they're doing on the other direction understanding a bit of the, I believe in the economy sense of giving people tool to give that an oper mobility I got out of the top we got rainbow the right? 
And so I think you'll find there's actually a big thing contact my process which go back to back of 19 hits or the people in different you at a common inify and don't what they look like, you know, where they. One of the things that absolutely remarkable about this country is that anybody in America. I will never and diversity where different perspective people with there's an academic background with every factory in the cultural backgroundgrounds, and as a consequence coming together, we are much more lively of a better solution than if we all have sort of monics. 
Okay, so in that, I think diversity is America's. I think in the context of I' right? So the accuracy on the stage with the guy who's changed the world and changed the all is in my mind of remarkable act itself. 
But let me say what what I'm hearing so that you guys can here for the finance. When Rancardo decided to take the key rule apply immediately before anybody else waited around a three yard what they actually met, and started by the assets that he started buying in Wolfck family, he was giving somebody when I told or $50 million asked us to the same ass and treating in the same way. Okay? 
That was not allowed. And what we wanna do with businesses is exactly the same thing. We want to give you guys access to own economy, your own chemcosystem way he was saying is very important, you in the small business, 33 million businesses. 
You create 45% of the economy you 66%, 67% of the workforce can yet already represented eight percent on stock market by opening up access to power of power, by presenting ourselves as a unified force of the marketplace, understanding our responsibility to drive valu, make money in businesses, share equity from people who are interependent on, which is what we're building in the Internet community, using the laws that he created access to all of us for. So when you think about what we're doing a wealth conference here, this is a change the world because of we do it here as an example, other places will, and we will also attract a biggerience because we will become affable for us. If you add up the money that our community controls individually and collectibly, it's in the hundreds of billions of dollars. and I think what we need to do is make a focus to make it in the trillions of, you.. 
I get too much credit in. I' a I wrote a bunch of papers and and I learnedurely by accident. that everybody on Apple, whatever I probably because I was infor by you NASA and I guess nobody else that was a you know, senior exact in their stock exchange that started to write about theartment structure industries. And so it got it was a happy accident, I learned the that my I was in. 
It is a mod, and what we do is we educate in theorm and the people that are they are the people's house, they don't have a big economic background around their house of represents say. And so there's a monumental pepper that needs the hon to the people around in this country and they' a lot of them that are built they don't understand how of those words. And and they are good people. 
I mean, I have ideas that'oose pops on I find my my is3. At the time he was 16, I went to testifying from the house committee on back marks and going to that was I. And I said, you know, the reason why I have my son here is, I don't why the letter that's I testify. I'm not worrying yourself, and it never my mind. 
I' I'm focused on what relieving or his generation and the generation exactly okay. Because they need not even better to be right as that is why people America, they wanted better life. That is ultimately what makes us the paraphrase Lagan shiny city on the. 
And so, when we got to the question and the answers, they all back to the question the answer were five of us as such matter of actually we' testing one, and won't be back to me in the idea. them. And and then first that John soon. And it was both dem and bothublic. 
So what I was telling you is that thispite the acron and you know, the winter tank wall kind of politics that goes on. underneath that a lot of those people most of those two people that are in the house on Saturday actually care deeply not where this kind goes, and I think that's what we're ultimately merely ad on to, but but getting legislation done is a million complex power because everybody represents their own jurisdiction. So if you're representing the poor area, you know, you have a difference at a kind of condition, you have to bring back to your to your in your locality, your restral district in the and relected as opposed to a well to do districts and something more of it. and it's really more worth back to code to figure out what is it in what you're designed by the projects the country forward, that anybody in one to office on or you maximize another allies of the maps of the they go out and raise money that checks to fill the cost of the frontal office and minimize the number of wealth unap going with their is by when we access all business. stock promot, all the system is growing and. We innovators. 
This is what we pushed innovators out of our country and we could and other countries. and all of a sudden we pushed to the industry out of this country because upstarts have figured out how to make a check or medication or whatever it is rub up there. figured out because they had access to capital, they had a marketplace that would allow them to do it and so what consequently we did is we push all this information offshore, which we are to bring back to shore. They just did a huge Arizona. So you in, these business orders and the people toate how access the capital and bring businesses back in the United States. 
I about the next evolution because the visual occur are coming along, using different vehicles, different structures, watching. There's a lot of new things coming to park. There's a little bit about how you the gas on these jobs act together and stimulate growth in the, and the need for why we need to ask small business growth. 
Well, first of all, when you in which is blocking and much morefficient, right actively sound. And I think you're gonna see Arobization some of the first innoation on this is because actually a million land itself passenger possible sell. If you addition and it has value. so everybody like this is all, I' learning this last year. 
I imagine that you uh I imagine you buy a00,000 down,000. Now you can break 10 other people in their condo with. And they think money as well. 
And you, you rationalize even instead of doing all the stuff that requires process, you do it or watching. So the money comes in and split it, the money that you get goes to you and it' all through a wall and digital process, so you're not sitting you're chasing our neighbing all, and you can literally take white sizes of you so that you can have your company and bring a thousand of people in your company sell 10% of it to a thousand people in better, when you start making a distribution lack ofands and making that and the in the programmed in the systemsike, I pay a distribution on on a min man basis second second basis, and how it appro with the account. Significance to that is that frequency distributions that foral consumers has had value. 
So if you actually look at closed in ons that thatarter of the distribution mildly monthly ones created at a four percent medium, you'll have to the poorly. The people value that that more importantly costs the cost on the operational fund for the people that actually coffee. up, I' a. have white people, by the way, talking about aored a team of people to trackarterly distributions for all workers we had had a run on general ledger and all the institution institution. Well if you don't mod because of that, most of them about real estate funds. 
Real estate funds mortgage funds as opposed to the equity funds that bely to a lot in the in our division is spending 28 days on justike issues. extremely, okay? But who believes the right to do security. I question I don't this. 
When you guys do the job we talk about various and inclusion, why was there a minimum 200 grand? Well, first of all that that number goes back in history and hasn't changed. so actually with inflation it gone down in terms of now, it was it when math is legislatively grap is that they didn't know how to try to define sophistication, and so they had to come up with a numeric proxy where they hit down the basis and they figured that but I think you would agree that number is not use. that's why the people, the people that make 80 grand a year of the people that't need access to these investments, more than the people that making millions. that's the funding go to the That was massively controversial when we did it. And I was just we just made a point by there at the time it was a $1 million solution the way the history was, we started out with two million in the house, back to were so it went back and got thetimately got bounced back to five million, which we actually started in terms ofiving regulation to the public, that actually has nowributed from up to 75 million, I guess if it would going even higher at some point in time. 
But so we're making these things relage investments available to the public and look, you know, we have the writing and if we're not well to do to do not just to make an investment, but also to burn through the investment in the process. You not learn anything in you This is exactly why we want all our because we're not getting assistance of information just like on the real how to sourceals, negotiate field, paper, integrateield, same with the business card. If you're not in it. 
Wealth, if you don't know how to set targets for your wealth, you'll get wealth and execute wealth and access wealth opportunities that wealthy need access. Like if you don't know all this stuff and you don't even know what exists, how can you possibly use it to your end? This is the reason created this well conference and the wealth conference, because finding it out our way like by accidentally spellily across it, or hearing about for ourances, choosing educating yourself learning how we're using this stuff, bringing the experts in and speaking nationalise supposed to talk about some of the things that you've done in an argument about the slide.. 
This there is a lot of the regga CN slide. So, well this is a funny. So, look, if you guys if you guys how many of you of this show, how many of you would like to have access in this data in real time from this time forward your? 
How many you wanted his way to see it let the name? Because this was gonna happen. So, I' recommend it to you that you put yourself in a position where you con guy innovated in real estate. 
I innovated a small business state. He innovated the whole marketplace where we could all do what we do. And you the right place in the right turn. you have a bunch who are innovating these small business. 
How big is that How much influence does it use in these new regulations?om. that you'reant it. uh, you know, we we might continue to get a event anything easier for people to get involved in single stock. I think one of the great trashies of all more these days and everybody in wants it doesn't teach anything about confidence. and we need armies with people that understand companies and and building building like American out out of one business. 
This is what you too. So you guys get like when Morgan calls and since we have a buck of the companies that we believe it, and you go get their money, when you didn't learn in the process and the information public company is, how do youuation?? How do how do you run? 
How do you think about what a business worth in a year, two years five years? What are you looking at based on what the business is doing and how it's running and howed, how it's it all these things that are not intuitive is you you've talked about one of a he's been about, but not the jobs guy mass jobs being work. And the plathe, right? 
The act support all of his execution on the blocks were, right? So they does all theines, so that we can actually go out work on act of we with lots of nerves. But then these active systems are the gay and they're part of the actor system. 
It's a little bit of, you know, I feel like the guy in that I started writing neck, Iack my head up and you know, and I said on that is hell I'm not anymore. because we were done now the realized of an entireation of America and we were putting a limit on our potential, I don't know, you know, in in in in faster vaccin technologies when the next pandemic raise whatever will tell you, weredicted that that pandemic were gonna be a problem in 2015. and it turned out that the jobs actually felt soft for that and the reason is is that, you know, you you not spend money to kind innovate around the technology to shorten the time friends, so that you can get into and into the market with the vaccine, and AI will do that it allow people to effectively do run development and and do com or XVD, you know, so that ultimately maybe need to get beyond within trials because we can do those.. And so the world is the cost of changing, but it because guys got funded knew what they were doing to Europe. name this morning earlier. we have to talk to all of this country about immigration of the respect of attracting and remaining the world'sestract. And we need to get a lot of our part of that right now, I have looked at the numbersly, but we were we were ratats students there were 25% of this was probably five years old. 
I don't was changed in all were Chinese and we were so science technology engineering and map and basketball level. and we were educating these people and we the desenate back to China. I mean, we exported the entire venture capital in this being the Chinese. I said an out come on people.. 
I tell you, we are the people and we have congressmen every single one as your obligation to get here and tell them to protect and adurture and make it easier to bring talent into this country and to retain talent, educate people, that's the capital mark for the people market, and to make capital accessible for entrepreneurs and to make access easier for entreneurs to 16 yearation period. Four to six years, the back where used to be in the 1980s and 90s, who had fixed the damn market. that's what we need to. This is why this is so important for us because we've got a strong opportunity here in the next five years as as aex community as a team, in normal as a grant of argument in real estate. 
I've been in small over the last 20 years. So when the laws catching up to concept of the ide actually work and access to this information, and you work in the community. I borrow was a big he said we need to educate what do what they want to do. 
Number one, you're not forced into do anything.umber two, you can join our class and we teach you how to go, you get contacts and contrast to work. or number three to do it with us. We have three choices to integrate in our community and then become part of our community. organ is to continue to attract relationships with people like data we innovating the markets to make it more free markets, driving access to moneyro business we're working on a strategy that you just mentioned, you're working on strategies to bring this down to even the smallest business system, so you could have the same letters with your teams to retain in long term and up be able to allow them to share value of the table create, but without all that complexing of all the rules shared the economies to scale on economies and sculptures right out of business school one1.. I want just say thank you toant and toand because I mean, I love what you guys are doing. 
I love the approach you technique. I think that, you know this is this is a this is sort of what we kind of intended to see how what the job acter words. and then it give people options that they otherwise would not have ad for. options have bound people, right? And then you always thought that thought that in. 
So, do you guys could be a lot of optionality for people while not? And so I wish your all God scheme, I think are. I think you are incredibly successful. 
I think you an active more successful over time. But I also like incredibly important role in the success of a million moder resulttimately I a real foundational amount in the US economy so just wanted to say. Thank you.. 
This is this is our We're gonna have many others, and you will see him come back. If you knew the stuff that we're landing for the small business case. We're looking on together. 
It's so electrified, it's so unly exciting. trillions and trillions dollars waiting to find their way to the gas. The old traditional system is built out the new markets will and your primary so. here's. I get the. and then we're gonna go. we use that information that could possibly the thing that that chang your life, it'll it'll get you up the speed while you like this. 
I of the three years years ago. It's literally was like one. only three years later actually. There's so many business on the floor, you don't if you don't understand how access, the cash, convert cash. 
I'll you almost eight million. comes in, how we're going to be building the resources for you to not only create generate warnings, preserve make sure you' secure the process. we're talking a little bit about the identification of being small okay. So, first of all, there's 33.200 small. It's a $16 trillion. 
Two/3 may all the first five years, 97 fill in 10 years. I'm gonna do the world where youuss your ass, stretching yourself in for 10 years only after restart. That's the case with nine to seven%. 
This is what I want to figure at half when I launched my business in 2005. I wanted to understand how would we keep as if this were going on as we do a great your business on. and you just want toceed like you, just simp need a little help. Yes. 
So that's what I was. I'm like, if I could figure it out for me, I didn't help you now. to play school, why they brought a businesses, noands for product service, you can't find great people and laugh of coffee doors. Let's talk about how you grew out from our first. let's talk about how you attract and maintain deep great people, and then let's talk about how you clean it. literally we talk about all three of those cities. gave on stage just now. 
And this is the point you reminding these services and these pockets of launch, because if you don't have access to this stuff you can't use. It's an 85 trillion dollar market a. You guys are sitting at the front end of the biggest movement that ever had this company. 
Here' rest of control, I'll tell you what our biggest businesses under 125 billion..5 million business for a $200,000. $1 million businesses for a $200,000 because of these own businesses in years, and even and branding and brand you don't make money, you're willing is to give this because there's money enough. How many people like to the? billions of not trillions of dollars in the glo market and you can get access to that be in the owner of research. 
That's why I be creating is broken because we can't access it without you. Now, I've engineered these boints, which I show what needs to be replaced at what points of the time. So if your business is, when you're trying to to a million, then you're trying to get to three millions. 97 familiar rate happens at 96% of the time period less. so for those of us million on your way to 100, it's a high more percentage of people have actually built in from all diseases. 
There's old at computer arument. So it's a slow point up and it's very slippery, very fast decline. This is why they're called break you're breaking through for your break. 
And when you race your surfaceaction. So what we wanna do is we wanna save businesses, we save businesses, we've saved families, we' same families, we save communities. Save communities we save this. 
The mission is much bigger than just the people. It's about impactines. if you're not good at what we do, or you make a fatal mistake inadvertently, and as never the thing, there's interesting when we ask business owners that failed almost unanimously they all conced that it wasn't the thing that the right possible fail, they didn't see what was coming, that caused them to fail. I might sure called me in my career a great job in their company. 
There was the last thing I saw. I thought I' finally arrived. and it happened in the 15 minute work meeting after seven years of writing, I decided I was gonna get bliety here. So I real first in it is not what you think is what you're not even thinking of. 
No, we' engineered these break points, love breakets to a billion, which is my sure said I was able to build planets to sell the 77in up to a billion dollar company and theno those other countries is working with their small businesss to grow up, and they might. wire. So there's lots of ways to business. here's the thing. If you it's, it's. 
And if you notice something here why you go into business and then what you do have to work, but after what you move out, who, out, what who happens when you get to a billion. Why? You just keep recycling because the business just break like break and the weight gets. 
I haven't, when you start your business, you're. By the time you're 15 million, there's gotta be three of you, you go out of business. By the time you're by, you, by the time of 75 million be. 
By the time 1225 12. by the time you're a billion, there's 24. If you think you're gonna go, your way to get fastest with people, but if people don't feel they have the opportunity business good ones, how many people your own business raise your ears? Keep your hand up if you work for somebody else in your life before owning your rance. 
You all less. Because you work seeing or getting the things that were important to you and you could pursue personally the question answer business, so you lose good people. So what I want to do is give me the confidence of the engineer, because the presentation that I just show you is when I whether that was part of and knew the same together. 
But six months I started a business with my wife scratch. In our first year comes we did 14 million, that we did 38, 83 last year we did 151. In this year will do just over 220 million. 
That's what no invested capital, no debt, and no team members.. 60. I'm doing this one. 
Why do I do this? I can show you and teach you how good you can learn from the people on the so you're not practicing what people who suggest what they did it or actually doing at life fire because here's something absolutely remarkable millionaires, but if they were made there a million years ago, I'm sitting hell they.. I were in the process of building.on nuanced in moment. people who try to have a good work off and they try to put their lungs. 
There you go. So what you're not, you can't. In order to make any assistance or processing procedures with people who care, and you go a light on who find that, you have that, you need to possible. 
So our job is to prove to you that it is possible. There's 10 elements in building a business. first you got have strategy and then you have to vote and you have to hurt and needing to add deliver our your cross, you need to work about money, there should be the technology investment here. school three60s. So if I know what we look for the we want, then the question became, what if I get the business words that weren't interested in sell? 
We weren't interested in mind that we just opt things to look for and make sure they optimize it as a, and that might start this business and doify. And in and 2016 and our two research firms and wrote down 10,000 businesses to the vacant science. The science put out to be both up this hyderally to you, you look at at the citiz, you wrote 12 million for all the surveys, well allowed in a. would not all of the surveys and questions of thousands of business owners who have been built this long. 
Now looks like this, when you start your business, all you care about when you start your business is telling somebody I started my business. I decided my. I just took my own promote for sideotes. 
You the set of promotes everybody outote, we're gonna win. and then you gotta convert. So you gotta be able to take money. and you're gonna teach people to take money. and you're gonna teach them how to promote and take the money because that's what you did when you started the business school, you stop doing it, you don't teach people to do it, and they don't do it with business. Then after that, you thought I'd be able to deliber on cross, you gotta be able to understand money. and after that, you to understand what data I, what I don't technology, so I need to you realize there are these people, I need to go. imagine you get there, the complex of the business kids. 
If you know that there's ten specific elements strategy to the invest pieces 76 ofs, two things you have to answer, you hit your network targets. Instead of worrying about this, you can be.. This is what I do on the business society this is what on the real estate, because if we can give you a coration, we can teach you exactly what we're doing while we're doing it, and then in some cases, would be like, it's lotution, I want go focus on something else. 
I'll just give you theenty of you guys have to go, which is probably logical back in the group. So you that's roast it and you can do it with a world leader reporting on it in the best assets where you invest group and when we can go and require together. take all our money influence together and each other. No, I want to write this down I' waiting for it. 
This is I't really using these charts but I just want illustrates to. And if you do a million dollars in pop box and you create 20 profability that's $200,000 in. There's two things that can be thinking about how much cash can I be each year and how much is my business work each year. because I will promise you, you might sacrifice how much cash in each year to have your business grow or value here. 
But if you're starting your business redempt, you're probably not growing in the value. So this shows you at the break points, the value of your business. So if you took 20% of your profits and you invested that in capital or Carl wrote something that were in your own building for your company?
est building is 80% of the profits for you. If you're value your business, which is the very bottom, I understand how val is free not only master generating more pasto oil and then having a strategy to an investion as oil, but you're also thinking about the equity value of your business staff until he wrote the Johns Act had little than no value other than in a private sale. you no longer than a private sale because we're gonna create a resource for you to bundle your equity in with a larger group of the formality. because size and ends. If you have lis, you nobody have accepters. 
If you have too many supps that no buys, you got no problem, would you agree? So being able to put people to gather and teach it how to create a network because happens you grow your business to a billion, you have an opportunity if you need to either pick anything you want. You want to have a four million R, build a million assist make it like. 
You you now build this network? If you want enough worth you never have to work in, pick a 25 million, maybe 20%. That's five million have a $20 million dollar value in business. 
If you don't know how much money you need to live the rest of your life, and if you don' identify the assets that you want to own, and if you don't have it to target for any of that, how can you possibly build it? Do you agree with that? How can I go to my team and say, we're gonna build a business we're all gonna make a bunch of money and I'm buying a new truck and buy a new boat I'm buying a new house and your team has been worth eight years, and I we the seen down anywhere they before? 
Do you see what happens there? Because it all happened to you. you all work square left there because you weren't getting what you wanna do about somebody else lives. Imagine a world where you go tell your team we're gonna build a 75 million dollar company and has 20% profits we were $80 million, and you know what I'm gonna do? 
I'm gonna take 25% percent of the ninety million would spread it about almost to 15 people to help me do those. I would have people this really want be in the here in the next 10 yearsasier. Okay, see, you agree my sport is? 
And because of the job act, you can now share thatreement without the risk of the leading that, you still know how to do it. So focusing on a network, focusing on cash, here's another thing. This is why we launch part of financial. 
We've invent a business only 60 months on just go over 60 months. I've been doing this with business owner since 2005. and what I' telling you is devastation that happened. you're a business owner and you are grow your business and you all of a sudden to build a 15 million or a 20 million or 40 million, and you're making five million of six million and then you get good. or you how art is it? or you get disabled. 
No one was thinking about what happened to everyone behind you. what happens to the business, what happens to you, what happens to your kids, so there's noame because when we're winning, we is why we're always gonna live. Well, I noticed that important because in a business now long ago, but we was a handful of our reverse the track and some. And so in our financ, one of the things we're doing is we're out of the condition, you'll here, a life coverage program, we have a health coverage program, we have disability program, we make sure that we see the whole. 
What don't they have? While you're up of your business and see to yourartment and driving people into success. when you become dependent on there and they become dependent on you, you're becomes different on you, and then it stops immediately, there's pro. So get this look at one portion of your life, so art of ourancial group is to look youralth management, we're gonna look at your life management. 
We're gonna be looking at the strategies because as I'm illust you, if you're getting a 40% cash rate over over a period of time versus 20, you know, you can add 20 or 30 million to your work just by met being passage. That's why you guys are more tax crash. This is where Grant might spend a amount of time be co. like, where do we invest our money in order gonna be tax and managed shields from the money we earn, what do we do with access out so we can earn more? 
These are the paid strategies, but unfortunately they're complicated and they're expensive, and setting these things up and move them in the right way and on who's selling you and who's advising you and can send you on a path with spending hundreds of thousands of dollars only you or notable. So when we're looking at the business, we're looking at me asking these we're looking at you as a huge being, we're looking at the stin of of people you, if we're looking at your health and your net network across the family, because if the families of are community timesence in small business is what, what happens when when the kidsrees. had a dream now about four or three years later, maybe on the way 20 million and got a pil seems fit the trees up and drop is one of the helpop transport crash.. It's gonna pick those pieces up.? 
That's why we're here, because we work with her, we made sure, and I think that things that have asked herself goes on such again?' helpful. this teaching that set targets and our soon targets and bring people along with you, show that not succeed, how people live with you, so you can win bigger, better, more val share the wealth. I stole my business when I started had two things I wanted to do. 
I wanted to share value with my customers London and broke up business, and I wanted to treat my partner. The day I sold, I wired out 4 offered 15 million land employees every you to work for a day. and all my partments that all theory as a trust. bypass Wall Street in its entireape. and because of the structure, they went with the guys of property and more, we were a community that wereloying way together.. we have the ambition, this is working, like how many of you have a target right now right now you can now 2500 garden. I'll give you right example New York. hundred A billion. 
Okay, let me tell you how I don't know how to know and you understand technical andership.. these are the things that this serious things the people it's..'t have to pay taxes..., there's so many examples of been here and thousands it doesn't matter aarkplace and we can tell you the averagever amount for every side of distance in anyanger. It's so easily accessible when we're talking about like. Now the question is, how do you build the value? 
That question. So what this is showing you is if you're generating a million dollars in the left wall, and you're putting 20% a year away letting the money work for you to six percent. They want building your business over the period of time if you walk 125 million, you all accumulated an extra seven like seven million. six percent. 
That's what 40% percent tax. This is why we have our tax twice the money you look after that't told this information is what we're and I don't to do this and it out. tax and you wanna build a billion while you're building a billion business, you can also accumulate an extra $72 billion and that worth by just hiding 40% in the profits. But if you're not taxing man because the same chart is this charter, right here, that's only six million. 
So if you have a rightlet company a sequel, or it's a task or a lowi, this is why entity structure, if you could have $20 million to your networks if having a different structure, wouldn't we want to know that? Ask what a million you could share with your team. If you could go to your team and say, I'm permitted to dedicating toad 20 multime millionaires with me while we're building this company, you think you can attract a higher quality, out with it? 
Of course, but if you don't they have that picture, if you don't understand it, you don't engineer it, and you don't believe it, it's not gonna happen. This is why told the Ukraine that the, he had his training and he had. And what were this weekend in our inventions are known equity group and our financial. 
We've engineered billions of dollars in businesses and the things that we notice are hur gaps are still there in many of and exposing our clients. You've got a couple months, youructure your life much care. And our friends have so much money to have no help. 
You're miserable. They're not happening to you. So, we can treat the human being, your health, your your your your belief knowledge possibly, you've heard a that everything, what energy are you putting off? 
What energy are you obtrracting? Because when you wereuced something we need to transfer that to your team.agine the world because we have it with all these people in a road, and we can start coming to our heads and bringing your team, and we're engineering their life to complement your life with the business opportunity, and then what happens if you're sitting in a room like this, and and all of are being welcome together, but through our part of the group, we're taking positions. We're financing, broke the businesses and you're sitting in the room of business, and you're going out in con, and some where you're somewhere there. 
Some of them are your harbor, some of them are expansion markers. What happens if we do the trillions of dollars we're all spinning with good parties whatever they are. Then we get to this. 
We have much.. We need toalize the community that house. all these different. So we've got it in order to help you if we want to buy this is because we have our own services. 
We just watch the the multi million anybody in home services. Like like we're give you access to buy, having innovation apps to interface with consumers. We' going to big companies like the first company ever. 
So if your business are even go out, no one no one's ever been. tens of thousands of people there's moving around. and you't need toify sit going on. We're democritizing resources, including financial resources, were bringing it to the stage that we worked with uel label police successful, and then we're starting a new company. buyinghes as to our success, so we can all the more. That's the this organization. 
We're gonna have, we're gonna create four companies, we're gonna do more things, we're gonna be more things to more people with project tax. If you tell people by personally professional information attack in their lives, they're gonna be more like to help which leads us to this. This is a consolidation of all the other.. 
I on Friday. one million and the value have this is very mod24,000. This is the problem being. about what wants to buy. I think you bigger, you're multiple and your value to go up, so pick $25 million, 15 minute investing, you have an extra money investment, and now you're million. 
You gotta take your time. you want your network. You should take a picture of this, just one, what line, just one of these and say, I love back. You know, I published you when you achieve it, you're gonna off the next time. 
You it all goes out. It happened. You have the power free. 
Our jobs create the tool to help you accelerate the creation. It's the in issue that people who know right in of the innovation.. But the thing we can't is like a choice. 
You have to you have to believe it. Everything rises from fall under your belief. Local belief will resolves huge belief high results, but belief without operational effectiveacy ability to get better every day and increently improved to a sust standard effect in part of a team of people that are getting better to get them. 
You' track your belie in revisual. And what at the end of the day it really requires that this is what I've learned from dram 12 is that a taste in the enormous amount of resilience would need leadership. I have to be li up. 
I have to be permitted. I have believe in my are. I have to have courage. 
Those are the things I have to have, and now can be very. especially when we here and everybody else around that. But to scale have to now transfer that from the leadership, until we knew yourhip. 15 million or 75 that you 100.5 million statistically, if there's not three years in the country 15 if there's, if there's five or 25, if there's not eight a 75 year out there's not 12 125 year. you cannot carry the way of all that. So the leadership goes for me to one break point two to we, and then eventually if 75 million, something naturalical happens. 
If you have a high performance organization, if you have if you have people that are persevering the chall, you've been charging and living with you, your culture takes over, so the way you compel your business, the hardest part is where you give up, you? Then when you go for meeting leadership, the we leadership, your culture takes over it's us leadership. and when your us leadership kicks in and you're the founder, you don't even know the problematic voice because your team you're not proality conversations and the emotional dramats about who you're mad at on, because do the things going on are too big and you have to be winsating. But to find your company for me to mean to us requires you gonna have high belief, and when you have high belief and you have high viewership you have to have operational effect. 
Because this is the thing that brings discipline in a front building into business with the things that drive. Everything's in the algorithm. It's all mechanically cut you down. and what we're doing is bringing to you the strategy and the structure, the system, the process and the heat so that you can do a bigger, better, faster, you interested. 
Now, my ambition is I told Brandon when we partner taking what he has to have, what 60 months we're gonna create 125 million is be worth than. And in the next 60 months, they're create a billion dollar company.'s. Now, we're a year ahead of so if you look at the value market, you created in our fifth unus of this year, you're gonna be more score at 650 and 7 million.. 
I've been automition that help the end of the start. find success. I wanted to understand how Wall Street works, so we create and duplicated, but without all. I want to understand how values created, how synties created, how econities of scales are created, how leverage is created to art and so the people doing the work that actually get out. and they can shares. 
Because if you have a hard share with your teams, you're gonna hireract teams. You're gonna have when I stole my last company, my whole leadership team for 65% of the first job you ever had then would be 12 14 years and they to $1500,000. That's the thing you know, and even was still there wanting it today. 
If you think you're gonna hire five million sol problems, you're hire. You've created problems. You will let something fix it, and then when you try and bring something and you people that they write it worse. 
You have to grow your people. You have to hire attitude train for the results. You have to align your people with the opportunity to a show picture, you got a lead to the forest. you have to inspire every day does be there for when they separate us feeling to step in and hold their hands and open when a king gets sick, you need to offer the sense of they open their hope in. 
You need to feed everything to those people because you need them to be everything. to take the sand stuff putting statistens I donuts. statistics.. Well, we need to go create them together, and then we will establish the rules. And if our rules are people to help us do it her to share us, so we're attribut with respect and dignity. 
We're gonna inspire you to power you through the best version of you. we're gonna be the tools and the resources so you can throw the skill within every employeection. Money isn't the first thing that's been. They want to be appreciated. 
They want to be the all, they get challenged. They want to be recognized and rewarded, and then they want to make a fair wage. 83 percent of youreaded your business directly opposite. You didn't want toosh, you didn't want to be told what to do, you didn't want to be held down the way, you didn't want a limitation of your, you wanna do with a bullshit, so you start here little bit.. 
And you wonder why you have a problem attracting great people. You started your business, I called the entrepreneur the women have started it because of what you did at watching that people were like you know what it's all. told, and the truth is, you've gotta be what they need to succeed. There's trillions of dollars sitting out there waiting for somebody. 
Yes. You go good. And now we have so many examples of so many entulors doing this. 
If you're interested in talking to our team, about your personal financial aspirations, if you have the right coverageages, if you're spending money on the right place in the wide places, should thisure if you can pop that up. If you're interested in talking about off marriage, if you interested in talking to this stuff, we're gonna build a whole team this. But we got another interest in you want. 
If you're interested in and trust us like we do with France and and I afford this full disclosure on the second part investment. I trust my partnerlicitly. I can't do what he does. 
I don't have patience to do what he does. and he works in the hell doesn't but he always. That allows me to spend my time and energy. I wanna do that for you. when it comes to acquiring rapist assist and and usually in partnership withape, areics. 
So that we can take advant of this kind of money together. No bypassing wall. be in the ex example of the world of what happens when you take a bunch of them, you are all bunch.. In the way from the. 
Does that sound good? Okay, you are here. Yeah, are you. 
Okay, so up. I like, you guys? Yeah... 
Trump. Okay, good, let's disappute it. We talked about a lot of stuff this before. 
We talked about a lot of things. Eric' not. on. You like what like. 
I got a photoball in 2019. from this guy. What were you doing? Uh, fine. see what there protective his brothers, and sisters. 
He says I'm not home a couple weeks. My business is suffering. It looks like it's going to out of business. 
We're doing like $2 million around. I said, what's the data get around me? and now it's. between. 
So happened by the end of? So on track between two and a half million 2019, we ran and started writing the ship and here half.. In six months we go the off business.. 
It's a simple it is doing some simple one your team and you are trained 15 minutes more. And the bottom are with seriously car around you and say we're gonna go a steamun arading, you need. So we' see people out. 
We got the people focused on the things in Americos and they coded him and a lot of people who were bail on their business as weoded. We were not the business respons what to dorisis. all about. You took it and you like, I'm gonna apply this in my market and then what happened here in the year ago. 
And then so we had COVI when everybody was started to shut out, we administered Saturday anyway. go with the bills.? And it gives the thing. does the started training in the sea, he forces them to trade and they got much what they were doing. moves in charge of your business. The team or you? 
So then, the way we look at 200 mirables at the marketplace, his market share for where he was have his capital. I said we are road and b these tank. So when we started looking at businesses buy we found our distressed business in Lasazines is in, what happened there. 
So we found this guy had 16 locations and his business was just tanking. He was kind of like me the year before. And so we from the afternoon afternoon we went in there, we started we just went through shopping, shopping and shop, and just kind of started looking around and I was like, okay, is this a viable option? 
And then so we ended up sectioning on half of them, so we said, you know, we'll we'll talk to you about these eight and it was kind of mixing the magic people a million dollars of the bucks and then, so we just round them in ground because he had the pressure on his side we didn't have the pressure on our we had money in. He did it. So, whether it up happening is we required this a location for basically another over the cit. 
We said, okay, we'll take these 50 people off our hands and then we'll close the business, we fire people we fire. And then we I mean, we put them back from our hiring process. A lot of them can't get through that hiring process we had to line to how our business are.. 
I guys experi things. this guy was carrying people around and we identified the bottom of the earth for energy process. We terminated everybody table need to go through a reiace, we rehire extraity put our policies in place, all months. Wehire, put all work using the exact process we entry work. and then then we we just under 149 and then going into the next year, we have come in. 
They said, a minute, how are you firing all these people hiring all these people, how are you you doing these targets? How that have set these things using the research that we? And they said, we have all these locations that are suffering. 
We don't have any stuff that you. We wanna buy. So that end negotiation. 
So what we ran into before is we went through the whole process with our original four business, we built it all, we had this profit market, and when these guys are like, we have show them and I said, this is what we're doing, so this is my price and this is my turns. you guys want this price and this turns, and you, you guys, I keep going keep a new better.. And they wanted to find more than they wanted to be. So 36 months I I wanna explain how pastics.irtyirty months and you going out with having a nice business when you be two million in round within another five months. and that what value 22X.. than his industry standard. 
He went from thinking he was gonna go out of Lesies with less than four years of being able take 109 as what a big multip fire on it, million, tens of millions of dollars. And in the middle of all that, he had one of his best friends with his helping in the business who started scrapping back, oh, I don't wanna fire people, and I don't wanna have to do do this, I' not comfortable just find me out on my. That cost a lifyle. 
So when I get to tell you is that perspective that happens to it context and contr contract. and a lot of you are doing it to trial err you. When you do when you gain the perspective through trial error, you start setting all these false beliefs in your mind how as possible. I would just tell you this is a living example, and we have multiple living example to people who are trying to figure out how they're gonna stand in business. now how they gonna pass the big that they make more than their rather it was three or four years ago. 
I'm just inviting you to be artless to be because now we move to if you're in the autom space, autoire, you're doing a huge project right now. We will help you do exactly what we need it. We're putting a natural route to cover for single roofing single things about. 
We have a compished our things cycle the notables and they have context got interesting, you can in those people, youaster.. the thing, we weren't really private back. So if you go back to that, it's like fact, we have five hundreds for hundreds and millions of dollars that we were doing the private four years ago, our investors would have participated in those a. So now we're gonna be doing it with thousands of business owners. if you believe in all our attention now being serious about where we're willing to wre our myself, this is why weolog. we can get you into the system. we can trade over now that you participate with us, because this is what Mia is said. educate people the to do it themselves. give the tools and resources to learn how to in the right way and they want to be with us this is we are today, you're you're sitting here saying, hey, what am I doing? 
One you can do nothing. leave here with the ex in your best, but we need the Boston criminal errance, your home, uh go on the crow funding side. I'm back here with David, uh Eddie Valentine I stay with him many because he used his words. I don't even understand. 
Not even sure he understands it. I think all stuff is kind of like la la, blah, blah. What we wanna do is we want you guys to get rich. do not get rich money it is impossible. 
You cannot get rich, you don't. It impossible. Everybody that is rich investor and they beat the IR and the S. That? 
So the first thing we understand is how to cut for be an IRS. We wanna help you with that. You don't need to do thisir yourself. if you're gonna do about yourself, you've already done this. 
You just got, okay? So the second thing you can do is join the welcome. The third thing you can do is put $250,000 of equity. 
If you're a credit, if you're not a credited, you can't do it, so you're back in your welcome, we want to buy your gen club. to be part of a growing audience of people so that me and him could do more together, imagine if there was 50 of us, than a hundred of us, and a thousand of us. There's 60 miles in the United States of America, none of which you other lives, you like those of their names of thears andarl andilities, but you don't have any contacts. This is what I tell them will back, I don't know these people who who do you guys do go at? 
J B.? Do you know somebody with there? Can you get a meeting when did it? 
You got a go follow Jacob? No, you don't have to go, you getting here a million dollars in cash, you're not getting a meeting there because this speed is so stacked against the regular people, and they only be even the playing bill is be joined together. hundreds of,000 in a week and weak both black rocks not raise $100 billion dollars. Mike say we bought $4 billion dollars worth of bitcoin the swan. 
And you don't know what happened, maybe some of you did, okay? I' gonna give you guys an inside track of what's going on. Every time I get another relationship, he gets another relationship, we share with you, you know, hely basis. 
We're gonna go to lunch, we're gonna back at one time, but we have”


Part 4:
“when he's done in his business and it's not short of remarkable. Heed it in a $21 million acquisition of his company hormcycics by Sutism, one of the largest transactions and pharmaceuticables and biotech history. His latest venture son of therapeutics is a publicly traded company that currently has a market cap of half billion dollars. and by the way, this guy has everything he has touched in his career has turned to old. so this is thatiration name say. most importantly he actively contributes to women rock causes, uhapical world, uh continuous supporting the animalual contributions of his own totally not hundreds of millions of dollars. 
It could this eight before that to learn a little bit more about your story gentmen, please give it up for the whatever we Bob.. that.. I' sitting there on the sl who the hell is that? now. say that every single thought today, I just mentioned the backstage. 
It's not a person alive. It has an ad the chall is the problem errors and have had had that energy that overcome of chall problems and there is about winches, and ability to give taxes you get. There is no...vert guys that we're all in, but they' hard time we look at, that's why I went out in the first four letters about here E E A L the line. readers edit the show and... those numbers are dynamic, right? 
I mean, it 13key today, 12 tomorrow, A, the next day, four, the next, is my head said, I don't really pay attention to that. I pay attention to it. What difference what impact I have life in? 
I know of a very basic Charlie of the tea, of the trunk programs that he put it on and a grandard down or what the group is put it on here, we all haven't heard that made a difference... anything, how do you? How do you make that? And money? 
I have really some definitions today and we'll see what really drives me, and I think you'll see that I opinion with you. within the of ethics inality, the question is not, right? No, no, no. I mean it seems like there'sical to say, this is WE a wealthy wealth Westernore of the word wealth. 
WE AL wheel. What what is the arcade definition of wealth Avenue? What would you say money? 
money doesn't buy happyiness?alth doesn't buy a happ as?alth you are your health it doesn't your your happy doesend on your wall. 
Why is it wealth and happiness to end an end? Because when you produce wealth, you better product it. Wh what part are the three basic challenges you get to be happy? 
Overcoming various consideration, upset, failures, and succeed in any way, you're happy you did it compemplace good things coming up. Hopefully you came into the room, you were gonna hear Charlie and Bobby were happy. I learn these two guys. 
And then the final one is good things happy to and good things happen all the time, because there's other people around that would like to see you have you, resume is amazing with it just pointed out. I guarantee there's just said I' know a really successful person as an overcome and person ads give us this sort of reflection point that is the biggest group of you overcome that led success later, but produce well, I help other than coming out and I know this woman getting slide on the ass with as I, you know and land and being people like this. So life is full of challenges all the time. 
There's is one harmony that has succeeded in my pres It didn't give me day or a week remember. I' what I know and I would have done for all of them. So I say I'm a champion of. 
I say I about it, you don't know can't hurt you. But when you find out about it, you shave your head, here's the bottom line an individual, I love the word genius more about it as we talk with. G needs to bring about to be you get work here. 
It has been news user thousands and thousands of year. forth contain. So a genius is you a container of the ability to bring things about that happen. That's that's just a basic of light. you hear a game this whole game of life is to create. without people creating you're not here, I'm not very tri matter, this building is here, there's nothing here without creating. 
So given that that's the case, and a common denominator to life is survived, did you know that the early be the word survive serves being super and B used to live in a man that puts a future there. So it's all offering a valuable affluent abundant future there, so the notion be began to step in and I'm glad I' here. and if you a chance to come back and I up back and I like thatate, that's what it's about. Well, our definition is happy, be productive, is a part of life, everybody's life, and everybody wants that, and when give the chance to do it, but plant has a tendency of holding down,ashing down, there's no use with money money money is a form of energy. 
Life is about energy. It's why your ability to use the energy and vector directed in a direction to take great survive the super life. But I want teach you when you leave today or whenever you want to get a chance to look at the word survivor. 
It's in the dictionary as the ad aology and they serving her. Where'd you ever hear that? You' 20, you never heard that before. 
I had heard either two months ago. What does this definition of this word survive? Superhe, you're kidding me. superike and not when I look around, okay, archaic definition well, happy, where' that come from? 
So look up your wordsape and one willow pitch over, go to the end of the hall.ord small, the action are inaction in life. They don't start and then you do the ad jump jump beside jump on what they call a jumping. But we're a proclivity to have 10, 20, 30, 50 meetings. 
So if you don't understand it all, I sure you get to the etymology of the word for you comfortable with a b above, you. I. you soire by, when we stud... There's on. when I was a kid, I, you not. 
I't, you. I invent my definition is like, you work hard and get off. I got to the, what's the definition of work?
letion ofintention. energy smack completed your intention, then get entered last. So yes, I work. Yes, I went to school for six years. 
I attended school every day when I was at school. I played a sport at your girlfriend and I was busy on anybody else, I did not target get in a degree, but I learned you take me, you take the experience of years and far out, six of my top company came out of that I met at the. was involved in the Internet exploation. I built a company who made an improve that had to be digitiz a fortunate to a part of that I was that I had no idea what I know there's hot wires in the sky and I and I got that. that's really cool. 
I mention of uh communication from my friend transcript Mr. Har, and I said that that mention back and forth that would be helping communicate better, either that format is a digital handsome glove to that one this is gonna work. and the identities going on the Internet. So work, yes, I attend school. Education, yes, I say. 
I'm not educated, I'm not sitting here in front of you today, and I should implore and encourage everyone to get educated in ways it can really help them, but know your words, know who you are, and we'll get into a little more that and what was the education that help you in control and in that? Well, that was that was the career. that for the guy. He said, you're investing money for playing all all. and he said, I just don't want to be a guy who people what they do you know, oh, I listened toug and that fire. 
I got a job. And he got he gotopped. He started a little hot talk stands. 
I woke up back around 20 miles from my home the reached and I. It was this shit, but I had one rule, I nervous terror. I said, I don't. I went around, I finally found a girl who was her husband who signed by Tuesday cook as an ad cookies by someone. 
I said a necessity talking toby, right? But I was five hours later, they hard, say you gotta eat them when they're fresh, so that cook said we'll we'll sell that cooking, and I realize that it would go hard for the baby so I found that I was looking at a newspaper, now I'm in, right? Now I get curious, it's it's a geniusit characters a curiosity. 
I reading the newspaper section, I'll I learn how to read my reading four se and playing a game of that, I reading now that a cook section recipe and gets into this recipe and then said this is the most up in the world and the read, oh God, basketball, I sent it in the paper, and they said, well, each of the rescue back in that day, and then said 30, four I set up for the end you promised in ten days and then six day, I need to see this recipe. two days later I got the rescue. I took a recipe and took the raisins and a coconut out and I used it in with the nested chocolate it became the number one selling chocolate.. a hot was very crowed and we were the second world and you couldn't, you off.s of cur cur... you to work for canor the cell orat and, theate for normal self, and they don't realize it, butl they like, they go fast and go fast and go longer, they will consume the volume and the source of will elaborate what happens. So we've come along in medicine with chemotherapy radiation to resolve issues of cancer. and you say the word canered, it scarely crap off, right? 
congratations. survived. help you the medicine. is the medicine of you and you and your attitude to and what is your attitude here? And you are you really in and compliment whatever approach you take or resolving, your chances are best. telling you not survive. When I saw the justress, they saw. 
I have to the meeting and I come. And then I was my brother, my doctor was possible. and I said I don't out just said and goes, we're gonna get you right hair. and I got the right hair. I know that approaching the collection, I and said he had a care down be the my wife. 
So it is amazing what you doing, and you had an post. Yeah, here's a really you your life to say..G, but they' so so what what does control the body? 
It's a body. What is there anything else there other than the body? Well, actually, if you are no words for 1828 person dictionary, you look up the word spirit, that the immaterial immortal, and intelligent aspect of a human body, which is 22 years old, and I looked at that and I go, that's it for me. 
I totally got it. That's my favorite great model. I'm an athlete, and I know in athletic, there's a moment where you move, you shoot, you catch your passion run and it says, where does that cover? 
It's not that your DNA or somewhere on your brain. That's you observing the noise. NASA. 
The sign happens to visit to your. NASA time to move you move on it, let's go. And someone says, you know it' gonna be successful, and I say, no, but I do writing in. it's the intention that I have to be completion. 
Do you not get in and get something and it's true you cancer the medicine. Do you decide you're gonna live or not? And you decide, you're gone, you'll go improves the there's you to understand and and employ everyounce energy you have to discover what does you mean, what is spiritual capability? 
immortal and infinite? OK, from the very beginning, where that is there' infinite amount of time, you're gonna be here in this body or not, you are back of this energy, which money is a form of energy. What this virtually? 
is that nothing nothing that has the ability to create in the physical universe as something. That's pretty damn hard.. That's you, and don't forget about. they get going talk, you go, okay, no test where this guy died said the other day. 
What can I do? What's one thing I can do, and that's not gonna come from a section of your brain or your DNA. It's gonna come from you, and begin to build out and validate that, and then look at the wordgenius, and there's 24 traces that is now various associated with genius that are your inate in more inherent ability to make a electro right to make this survive, original definition, the action definition, super abundance, to make wealth, happiness, and an abundance all talk about. 
It makes it with is the miracle of life to you to get here shares with you. you when he writes about he's an immediate visit. That's a powerful lot and one time he goes against him and he still survives in the lead. He probably not being in Germany is incredibly powerful. 
We all know that. And so is you're welcome. and it's also true for you. just have that or belie that you can do it start with, there must be a solution to this. I'm gonna do it, I'm not giving up on this, and then things will work out. 
I tell you again, every company that has been successful I've been apart, I had that one, I looked at the, but I wasn't thinking because I would done journal has a little symbols in your life that what they. But you are a surfer... Yeah, yeah, I was the business an allergy here. there exclus to, I'm 16 years old and I'm looking in California about, and I hear about somebody a server and I just felt attracted to it and I'm looking through a serious robot Miller on the first guy of the planet that or a mail order surfboard. 
It was a I got aboard and a little series robot note back then what, you know, this was back in the 60, that they were on to something big, but they didn't know, you know, not Amazon just you grew right up and it did this thing. But certainly is the mostore because you're catching a an energy wave it's a wave, right? And I love ways and of energy. 
It's an energy weight, and when all of a sudden you got get all you've got with what's coming your wave and you paddle when to stand up, when do they do, when it turn, and you just all, so once it's done, you're just like, woo, it's an impressive time experience it's hard to you just't explain in words, but once you do it is it just like, I know, you just run down and you... I you know, I love great great services. I here in the audience, but but I'm good okay. 
I use a lot of money. favorite cooperated. see the? everybody's got see the. big ways guys guys going out to serve and you got a mentor and he's trying to get out in the big ways that did weerve? We just look here and then tell me what you're thinking in the background that the guy comes back two days on what you think about. 
I mean, what's out here for? There's a wave to get out in that wave and right against the rock, the wave's coming against the rocks and they can't go through, so the water pushes the back and it also goes out. along side of this one, you get your board and get right out and bunch of these places, some of them are 2030 feet high. You go through them, it takes a guy is really strong and make that happen. 
But it just to or line. observe the first step incompetence for each of us is observed with your ability. and I mean really use that nephew, how do you observe? You proceed and get indised. my class wife and say just front two women. You've never seen a five of these two women. 
They beat each other up and when they got rob, the woman who was bitch got back up, she was trying extra strong as she was. He had a better just the first. this guy walk away. He began making the first two is not gonna make it. 
He didn't, he got hit in in the, he cracked up like, whoa, and then I did not look it right out and instead of coming back the guy, he was tentative, and I knew he knew that he learn went that. and I didn't paid a j lot cred and I just pound enough there. You know that like a real man. these are two great people, but my spirit was my combin with Russians, right? shit. 
He got top to Jake and he said he yeah, that's the way you like taking you get back up stand in the down and all of a sudden you mig. I think people up at Mike this is that. Just to get in that word at 5958 and go to. the guy after your age and box lights around 9 o'clock place. show the sort of perseance that each ind the game like, and that's you always be, right? 
win something you're in, and when you're in, why we pardon? You're be pardoned out. go in all in? everything you got your go come back? 
Well, I mean, a lose is is a month.s not a company that got all the time you really lose is you quit before you lose, is just one second before, you put I a company that was gonna do an ethanet, uh, uhocated and AT was so powerful, and you just could not get it through the wall of the that ETED guys that the reality we' right here and we owe out a million so you let them go later million that investig all the, I just right with it right with what you doing you doing what you doing no problem. But don't walk out a loser because you're the victim, you do not walk away as a victim, is not tag you and stay with me. The victor, be the handled hail, shut it down and you want you, but don't walk out, Lucy hand it, you. you don't have to be that. and you don't do it, you realize who you are. 
You, you make life go. You did that first survive. You bring them afterwards combound success, and as not come back, you're gonna come back here, you win. 
It mentioned particular, what that means. It's very important. networks called, like, I UC go to a UC system and like four and the virtue like 24.ination population and I lost to about this UC cash, so it's a UC Santa mark.'s by and a good call there I met a gentleman named her and had a work master and went to Sanford where VHD on on investment and his that at end to a, not enough about theory rash standard in our rotation on the. beot and use a a lecture at UCSP and uh which was class we talk about how small r companies. And yeah, I really thought that was cool. 
I had as a kid, I looked at my sports page. I was a stock page, and I played a game, which are the problems of like six different columns who would have stock you can't make money without working for it, you want it wrong, so I was looking into the stock standard look at the company.. had to work with the money. So was talking about how was and and I wanted to come after, I attended this class to for a great I. I really correct. 
I heard on my sense in, so matter for money. I'm. I know where you know.. 
And research in California and had an investedirm reinvest. There are Boulevard in B Hills. I didn't know how do that I gave an obst Bouleard Hills, we can work together, you, I do I help and I started $5,000 half a million, another seven million, I investors on all that really have regard to herb measure her really to the basic investigate before you. 
I. And answer? I was I served him. So what did you what are you do you on a power? 
you service the hell off? I a little bit, but when all the movie stars showed up on on one party, turns out they pay $1 million. for write a test kind of appeared in there. and how you know, no way paid a name. color religion, everybody aspect for population. to experience that prayer, they want. We do this right here on this plan this back, and the rest of the world will be an envy and we will beond you are. measure we were all measure. 
I not you. I' we measure by you. You give it get this an exchange and keeping that exchange.uring your kids, measure your your neighborhood. your part of life, you're a greatest sand on the beach, if the other gra disappear, your grand sand, that's not too much. 
But if other people are out there operated shoes, they're really not the beach. and we know man times the beach. We gotta hit our heads around mankind, not just around I French and you around and we should have known each other hours and cross we got off. We don't have a we have to yesterday and all this is this is, specific. take a lot of companies, you know, I have yielding that taking a there's a lot of tri embarrassed. 
You know, random still, you know, it's necessary to scale up. I'm saying, well, it's like you're the opposite, you know, you scale up other ways, and you don't have to deal with Gary Gessler, he has a CI general thing you have to say? Yeah, well, yeah, it is not life you are you expressing yourself, and you'll express yourself from a view point of complex the environment in which you live, right? 
So, uh, I think it has to be evaluated the big juicy kind of metapolism, itogy you get a multiple times earnings and times seconds, whereas in the whole day, you take the shotsi egg, there there was no multiple of earings that the horse had to use to build the Shopi good, which is looks as good today that did the day they built that I give those people a lot of credit for the buy of it of America, a lot of credit. Now, you take your company, you do a billion business and get $15 billion in value for your business, because the guy Ryan deals it over the next hundred5 years, because he paid enough money to pay you that $15 billion and that not such a great mechanism to expand capital and to grow capital without UNI I lose UN.'s not one lose game. It's a win for game. 
So you have a visit that you want to capitalize and and expand significantly, publication good, because you could pay your fellow patriots in your company, you pay money, and you pay them from options throughout them, and they get involved. I here, as a member of the. just one of our we're sitting in in in Wood side, California's a great ways you at Woodside.s an outside Silken Valley, yeah, in in Mar Nancyi Juan. Everybody knows N Chicago Blackland, nice guy, a very actable guy. 
McGee, she's star you aan W. is and I know I don't I recognize him too.ript the bigger that they' everybody asking me to say, well, let's just walk in out of the wave if he walk by and he says hello and I say hey, this isgie's on angry we just wanted to say hello you. one of the top ten inch and he look right over the back, number one of 10. Then when they' leaving, you use the picture time. My son's there, I'm there, and he's there, and you are trying to take a picture yet I receive right eight and a picture. 
You walk right up to the, is. you're one on one.ude This guy's worth3 million dollars and he just a one on one. My next day be in the exact household, I said, as you want, and we' know everybody knows has anybody. Yes you want, just said that our CEO is number one I want to pay attention to her, we have you. 
He's her in Germany, she got a magic and normal, your hand on. It's all about our story, your story and your potential story is what you can do you if you believe you don't believe it's real hard to you the you know, in the space. I like that. didn't answer my question. 
Yes, I said it situation. I mean if you grow wannaap out, it's the least cost of money. That's where you after, what's the least cost of money? 
If you're a ski on or a wealthy family, and you don't need any more money, you might value your privacy more than reading the Charlotte in, you bringolders in recognize they are owners of that business and you have to treat it as subject. We have a rule of the confidence that our own. Good news, we get it out to you as it is appropriate in a context of what we're doing. 
Bad news, we validate and get it out to your right right. No doubt know why give me a moment, I'll fix it. This bad should be your order.. 
You to our intermedi, we discussed an answer and a lot of big of an, we start we stop over anybody have anything to say, I don't hear anything, they walk off this. I value you as shareolder and participant. What you think about the business count, you own it, right? 
You want to new go. I like that energy of other people want to me and you do low. That's how I like out., are, but uh red tape, and I believe it's easy do I get my actual. he's a very guy. he is sub and overcome those defeats and you know, visit from his dad for his head all the things he's had to overcome and he stands up for life and he said, hey, we gotta be a lot of excited, why are we here? 
He's defining survive. why are we here? If it's not for time to be and make things go right ourselves. It's here, more time being in the NBA. 
The winners are practice tomorrow way, why do I might this sport tomorrow? It's really all about woody, but all about woody is all about being able to lose and get back up and play the game again with the knowledge of what happens, the cost the loss is you won't be do it again and you're gonna be better at it because you can have that experience, and you then go to a mentor view because people have always push power in the direction that you depend on and never underestimating about the value of validation to the source of someone gave credit. They've noticed you, they've noticed you. 
Life is if nobody notices you or you you do not notice anyone else. We're here to be honest, so do good things and you'll be noticed, you'll feel good about it. That's just it's a wave. 
It's a communication one. You know we get along well we communicate. I loveery, but when they areustrated, from the poor sky and to the youngest kid, you're walking by and you right by them and say,ola, right back at you, equal. 
Hola,omo stop, right away there after that New York City.... I wasn't afraid what you say. New York, the environmental. you know, I mean the ris isation 21 million far. the biggest ad you double investment banks and people here are a lot of people smell, smaller, big have bags builders shorts. 
The kind of like, when you swimming sharks and you, I saw for 95% and the other five percent. a headline.. I got into medicine and gave it good. and he said, what's missing in medicine, there's one word missing in the medicine that's. medicineicine and additional therapy, especially between candid, is decidedly non friendly.. what's the third definition of Fred in or dictionary? An alliedor across this world. 
What did Charlie? And he mentioned it when he saw his doctor, he saw a malignant,ignantalignant, but somebody said, Charlie, these, I think you could make it. Charlie took that he said he thinks I could make it. 
He said, I'm gonna do it. The guy who said, Charlie, you know, you take your do that you're gonna do, you're gone. knows you see you five days or not. Charlie would have made it, but most people wouldn't, right? 
So, this this whole thing about what what you believe what you believe in in terms of pushing my Lord is really validating those validating you is really wild. And in the world of medicine, we came into a friendly and it stole the show. That's what everything wanted the most important thing is, what am I do about? 
By the way, what that my the way, how it? But the first thing I'm gonna get rid of this bank and don't get the guy that you know, isict him for a drug out. Weim adapt in the. 
I think that' involved.. You're you're hurting brothers and those are looking at you. those are you, you hire an attorney, therefore puttinging is to run run the show. That first is working for you and a good friend of mine, I said, you. realized that attorneys are working for you, you're not working with that your pain you're working with you. 
So what's true for you, what's true for you is probably a powerfulraid as I be you today. What's true for you? that you as you're not the. 
You look, how do you? do you think what you think? What the hell you your life? 
You may have a breakthrough obsession, people you don't. I do people are they'd be out, they were not. and they didn't want, and we built their multiillion dollar business. I want they transition from communist in the capital, you started an outdoor billware visit and he started expanding fast in six months and learn how speakroat, he did American things. 
He wanted be success of the life. his following said, we went to the library, I' gonna read a book on Ted Turner and a billboard, he came back home. and I've never seen you so upset. all day long I open the libraryrity and I want to find out about Ted Turner and Billbert and copy when he did there aren't any books? Next day he scratched his house and when you'reagging it, you're happy. And yeah, I figured out there reason that there's no books, it's a really comfortable business I't tell anybody about. that's how we' gonna do it. and you went over there and yearsmedi. what's true for you? 
That's that's what you have your energy. How much you have? You're not telling you to do something. 
You're teaching telling you. I'll do it whatever later I wanna do it. I do you really wanna do something, and then people will look at you that get there. 
There's a vibration of belief and has a vibration when you have others did, and when they get it to share with you and you win, they loved them for that, and you loved them or articipating, and they learn from you or leading out. I can I. I had a wrapping up onaction and I, let's write a first here and what are we gonna say? and I sit back, you know, you guys and to talk about. 
I what was it really nobody has? eight turn, 10 bang, and nobody can ride a preview press release. me. I should have. 
I have to be tired. I's like times it' really wild, but always always to participate, even if you assign some tab, give them the right to fail and give them the full freedom to do it, but you gotta be willing it might fail, you gotta take it up and can't my feel the time is you know, good.. perceptive is alsoricted. I can see in that third round and he didn't come back with Mike that he that he was when he was 28, it's over and Jacob. 
I gave a lot of the boxing boxing well, but he finish it we be really upset advertising our knocked out, and we just feel good about. I right because about royalty. Yes and you know, this sports might be a great high school.. two minutes left.ust. 
There is aust the connection that involves given back finally logical I and I found them in a bar economist. I found that a go. I day I. I, I drove my car through and I catch a dog and I distracted in my car along a little bridge and I'm into my car and goes down, I find out you can get a lot. 
So I mean, the streak is has a lot of people on. and all money down and I didn't want to tell everybody to laugh at me, I broke in Spanish and there big, they will get you out. And and they got me out and I said, I'm coming back. What do you guys need when you guys at this is Friday to sixth, is a party time and we need Whiskey. 
So, by hour and a half hours back, that wasoniskey. so then the next day I came back I keep his format, and said, how thebar psychology rep Puerto Rico, let's he know, he said there's a 24,actors to hand and UFC these, because they have potential and everyone and I give I give them all all. So for that going on, I' wanna show you a little video of what's occurred in Arabic, every community, every culture has to slump on. We don't we've give it lot. and I' sick or funny and expect. 
There're on drugs and crazy, and we know what happens when are we going would be great.. down the. and they accepted responsibility for each one of them being a genius and leading a life of true survival and wealth, and I'm asking you to do the same thing. of the American system of theox in the morning changed lives. May said, each is all the better by quality. contro. I'm having one last night. 
I've had a survey what I mind, who I live here? What are the things you would really like? If basically had this caration, it just was totally terrible. 
I said, tell you, one we wanna be educated, and two, tell us, we loved the word. I' written thatript. you, I met the right people and you met the right guy, but it was human kind being a human man. They wanted the NBA and they loved their work. and that is true for everybody that's ever been on this planet except the total derelict which has got in is very urgent, you need to tell it that. 
They' talk about the first. the signal lineoof and really give people rock wallet and theyated sand, maybe, you know, land grade, uh, and just do really well in your own life and then reach out and shut up that. You go to like.com, you alltimate. And if you think you do, I try to do that, then you are in inherites inside and irreversible. 
So even if you're don't knowmedi, you can't get rid of it, okay? So then it might find out what can do for you before you ignore it, in there look at it, and you will just see yourself growing and expanding each day, and here's the trick share it and notice it in others, because it is in others, whether they know it or not, and you see, this is real. We we are hum kind isorn with the capacity and the earth that make a error for the as you as being as.. 
We' one more time...., so aren't that very excited half years as well? you know, one of the things that we start looking at them we putting a c men together with we start going into the 50. Who are the relationships like you have? 
not just friends, but with their our ecosystems about the relationships that we have, they can share insights and perspective on things. They're happening at top levels of the organization of the world worldines you, world. The interior, from goldA. 
I mean, that is like the top top top little language crisis is in the situation we're trying to figure out how to solve it. So we start looking at all our relationships and fortunately, about a year and a half ago, maybe two years ago, we brought somebody into our organization who was a embodies what it needs to operate the highest level, seeing the transactions, seeing businesses with paid, seeing billions and millions of dollars of of money and transactions move around again. fortunately, we were able to bring in within their organizations and as our team. But he's got 15 years of an experience in investment management with the biggest funds in the world. 
The people that are literally controlling the world. he was in inside I. He was the global head of treasury of KKR, which is they have over $500 billion in assets of mar a massive company. He managed billions of dollars in cash on a dayday basis. Has anybody seen 250 million in account in account for? 
How about 50 million in thiscraft? How about 10 million in an account? This guy was managing billions of dollars on a deity basis. 
He managed deals, he structured deals. he helped get deals funded in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Before TAR to spent nine years at service, uh, which is they're running about $100 million to any. These are like the top players in the private activity game, and we are blessed to now have him as our CFO and our COO of our adventures. ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the stage for any Valentino. 
Who wants to build raise his dollars in play? All right. I'm in the right place, so I'm here today talking about private activity. private before. hands up only a few people? 
come on. All right, and who actually understands why that me to explain how the ones where the investment process, the fees? Okay, so if you raise your hand, could you walk out of? 
And how many people are invested in”

Part 5:
“Let's do. So encourage you guys to join this club will change everything for you. It's gonna give you more confidence, more perspective, more clarity, and you're gonna be able to run faster, okay? 
Continuing along with experts with lots of experience, we norm couldn't access to get access to. We have another amazing speaker coming up for a panel here. and he is the global private equity lead for a little company called KPMG. How many you guys are a KPMG? 
Okay.PMG. Before he was a KP&T, he was the CattleL for a $26 billion dollar frank of publiclying line.. In that role, he's consulted on hundreds of billions of dollars. kind of I don't know if he'll share this on stage. 
Maybe he'll share some of mind that's working up they're the biggest names in the world of finance. You guys right now have the opportunity to learn from it. It's an information from them, it's a data from, so you can see how the people at the top of the the top echeons that the financial world are playing to get. 
So I'm very, very excited to introduce to you guys now. Jeff Rock.... So the private. 
What kind of the combination? what size are you? Yeah, so so the group, uh the first an extra having today, um I did or anybody wants to know hit me up, please feel free to do so. um uh so so any, you know, the group that I up, uh you deal with the largest private for earth in the world. 
Um, we have specific meat parters that deal with that private refer you thinking of the Carlisle, the PPR or Vegas wax, those those are the firms that we', you know, targeting and doing business with. you think of those uh private equity firms, they have in services that we' providing them is the manager of the private manager itself, but more importantly, the endosystem of portfolio companies of companies that. and you all that's the eosystem that, you know, I've sort of wrap my arms around in the lifelines and trying certain. these guys provide service Exactly. so you know, the Swedish service to berovised gonna be, you know, audience for the portfolio companies, lies potentially in the fund, significant tax works, and the tax would be tax clients, maybe tax returns, you know, each individual company, but far important out ad side of the act structuring, uh taxability company they train the actual side. um and then our advisor similar egg, as well as technology, the whole Swed ser. and so what Walmart HK and that that's anywhere from the dollar to, you know, $2. Okay, and and private firms have Canadian what would say where Aaron said is that but what? It strange, so if you think of a whole racket private firms that there's, you know, as there's private refirms are dealing with, you know, I say, you know, denture, water market all the way up to, uh, like I said, the old bracket, private equity term really occurred that I personality dealing with, uh, you know, the larger firm they' spent, they're spending in your advisors, probably worth than a billion dollars in into the water. billion dollars a year outside service. 
That's the best lot of money. And so these are the large ones that disappeared over the world and they can't migration all the world. the exper these have more competency is ra capital, most likely the institution, and looking at capital work in terms of buying selling various companies. you know, there there's staff, so call that, you know, a $25 to $50 billion private equity firm when I say billion dollars as the amount of money they manageaged, they may only have the stack of four to five hundred people, right? And and that is what maybe they have 100 to 200. 
They' not to want to stack up large back county, large legal, a legal out. I was thinking of technology, and they don't need to, you know, put out that at expense, but more so than the expense, they want the best expertise.s right? So it's not they're not in the business or understanding, but the latest, uh, you know, the latest tax issues are the latest, um, you know, depends on certainly you providing, and they're not that's not their job people.. 
So, at one point in the company is throw at what size, you better in the they are elaborating up. However that is the right is the right time to say? It's a good question. 
I'd say it's it's it's depending on the it's probably dependent on the company itself. where, you know, where do you want to eat in the company? but I would you know, I'll answer it the question of a little bit of a different way and I think it's if you're looking to you're looking to sell your company. when I say sell sell your company, it's not necessarily just to a potential investor, right? You're trying to sell it to potential employees, you're trying to sell it to the acts that you're doing in business with, maybe you do want to sell, you know, a piece to somebody else or, you know, write an active firm. 
But it's important to a professionalized piece into this piece to party, if you wanna sell it, if you're using if you wanna go back in more financing and you have each now longer, right, versus, you know, the main warmer that at least your community enough, if that's what if you're looking to selling you step up the ladder, you're looking to sell your business to uh potentially investor as a private equity or thinking at it from the other side of the events, right? you know, you're keeping your receip there's accounting function, your finance function, you know, I use just in example, you keep your receipts in shoe box so that when somebody comes and wants to be diligence, you said you pull out the shoe box and say you know, here's my company, take a look at it. or is it that, you have a set of that where you can put you can produce my mistakes that you canuce after statement. You can show people that want to quote best in your business again. 
I mean ways that to be, you know other people want to get back, uh, to put that face on that and the the multiples, if you't you'll get an extra turn you get an extra turn in a half, can provide that professional Asian versus the metaphora issue. So when you say turn, just what what does that mean? When I say turn, I mean, most most businesses are valued on multiple of what's call it most businesses are value cash. 
So, a turn, let's say your business is worth, you know, you think of business is worth 4x or fiveX, at least addX is the example, your businesses, right? An extra turn or be if you can show the counter party that you're you got, those numbers are you can rely on those numbers, and you have a professional piece behind them, maybe able to get an extra turn instead of an 11, they act. well, yes, so if you compare companies that have a professional face versus one that they not, the ones that have a professional face would likely get a higher multiple than they don to sell the business. Right, so just as an example if you're saying if the company has uh $10 million in cash flow and they's ten multipleies of that, they will to be able to take that value at $100 million dollars. 
And so by having professional now I was the party that validating substantially that were they' able to get 11 times that would be $10 million as evaluation.. Yeah. So so ultimately I guess we? 
I would yeah, would I would say. So, for instance, you know, I' anybody been to New York City, you know, the water tow the top of you know, the buildings, New York City that bring the water up there, is two families that own that that business in New York City. One of the families wanted to sell, I was involved with a group that wanted to buy and revising that group, and, you know, the the family that owned that business was literally in that business for over hundred0 years, typical family own business, right? 
A lot of the family expenses were running through that business, uh they didn't have a very good, you know, financial back office, financial heighteline system, and, you know, ultimately they sold her a good price, but they probably would would have been able to sell for another another term so fiveex, they probably could have sold six or seven if their, you know information was just that more reliable, if they cleaned up their books, getting those family expenses out of the out of the family business, you know, make that the business part of it really pure, they probably could have gotten, you know, uh like I said, at least another term, too. And in that example was the buyer a sophisticated buyer? It was this you know, a billionaire in the office that fire. and so they likely knew that as well. 
Oh, that was that's a sophisticated box. Yes, that would happen. And so they knew they could get they felt good about the business. so they really get it for, you know, in their in their minds a better right, you know a good price can even lower multiple. and part of the you, part of the turnaround part of what their hiring invested do is they help them now put in a financial system, put in a uh, you know, better a better sort of tax processes, better county processing professionalizing that business so that when that family office does themselves, even able to grow the business operationally, but also had that professional face to it when they, you know, they eventually decide to exit them.. 
So, what would you say who sort of doing in business? Anybody in the? so Officer Jason, I know you. 
So, uh, what kind of business do you have? Logan, uh technology services. And and what what kind of revenue do you have? 
across both businesses, about 23 million?enty million dollars. So uh, we' where would youate yourself from your financial systems, infrastructure, process and perspective as we0. 
Rein reatch. So injacent case $23 million business, what would you say for a private activity for peopleong? uh, you know, who isances to get in the best price? 
the best price and three and a half, probably slim for getting the best price. shouldn't be a good price, but you'll get a better price if you're, you know, if all of that is much more professional, you can go in with confidence and show uh, you know, that you're, you know, the the cash flows you're showing to the potential buyer can be sliced inice different ways. They ask you a question, you know, the answer to the right? they ask for information, is not, hey, I'll get back to you in the week, you know, while I sort of put it together, it's, right, give me an hour and you know, I'll get it for you. 
The more you can answer the questions, um the more, you the better off the better chance you have maximizing the value of. would you say that some of these private conf asked questions or look for those gas intentionally to try to drive the price down?. so you know, I think it was important for people this room, you that you're you're aware is that also important you said, that the biggest mess for the world is outside, right's there's spend a ton of money there. It's you know, it's good down it's. And so we're talking about some smaller businesses, what sort of appetite that you say exist in this private activities basically for wiring, say, 23 million a year revenue company. 
I'd say, uh, it's less about the number itself and probably will the presidenter that I deal with, um mostly want a or very interested in class, right? So, technology services don't know technology is not necessarily that we let's say it's let's say it's a medical back office, you know, technology, right? Okay, well, I forvertise deal with what you wanna do, what they also do, uh is they want to buy that business, but they want to buy 20 other businesses that are similar, putting together what they call platform you, right? 
And, you know, they get they get you know, back off vicinities out of it, they get um it becomes more interesting to a potential on their leg, right? prinsistic 10 year basically in your life for their investments. base capital, put it to work and they, and then within that ten year period, they want exit, so they're doing all of this, putting these companies together off and thinking about a potential ex in the back in, that the happen within that in your lifan of private energy. And so they' looking at the plat they look at these platform meals that they could grow the companies, and put it into a different needs in terms of an exit, whether that exit might be an IPO or selling it to another fund that will do it again, or selling it to a strategic buyerome whatever the strategic buyer gonna be in your business. um and it looking to build that platform up to get another turn, another turn, too, because of the scale ad as the company has they're not buying they're not selling a $23 million technology service is gonna be now they're selling a $500 million billion dollar technology service. 
Captain comes that much more valuable than the next person can be living.? It's it's got more scale. It's got it's it's, you know, lighties or efficiently run, uh possibilities, likely that much worker for you know, for dollar sale, that's. 
So, just to turn your top and did it a little bit, uh, it turn of the biies right now. what what would you say in the major the turn off? Um, I'd say a platform, uh, there's one, I'd say, um private can be firm, but and now they have to do more work, right? So we need need when uh interest rates were two, three percent, money wasote free for the bigger product free, but whether you a little sort of. now the interest rates in the say seven percent range, um product firms looking to um better understand the business that they're buying the opportunities to grow it, make it more efficient, um do what those private activityerms and DNA private equity are as sort of a different DNA, right? 
Do they do they, you know, buy company and you know, useual cost of the buy company, build it up and try to try and throw it into uh, make it more out so you know, the scenes are find normalines of which private equity for you're talking about, and what, you know, what they what like to. I've noticed that there are a lot of investment based in. So there seems to be, especially the water and a lot of these ferms looking at will be specified down Apple or Ryan at or capital. you know, including my employer and set of all set of variable size. why why do you guys? 
I think, you know, I think that the the largest private equity firms want to diversify their investution as much as possible. it's probably, you know they probably get a better deal. They probably get a better deal from the retail invest. think of that if you think of that a a large institution, a sovereign welfare, so Singapore war has a significant sovereign wealth, you there's a significant investor, you, they'll probably put a billion two billion, three million dollars if work with, you know, one priity manager. Well, because of the test of of that, you, an estimate, you're able to get concessions on on these, whereas you're, you know, tend not a retail investor the people tend to retail investment probably doesn't get the same eagle that, you, the law institutions get. 
So it's more profitable to diversify into you, retailation. And and so why why why historically? It's easier. regulatory environment was such, you know, five years ago where it was it wasremely difficult or imposs to sell it. what you use that? 
Um has been some regular release on that. and and like I said, they they've looked at private terms looked at and that uh, it's they know probably in a better position to, like I said, diversify the sliss of capital that they get, so that, um, you know, they they can better democratize, you know, than the source of coun. So democracy so you're saying everything in a very polite PC matter, so I'll I'll I'll take it back to a little bit of what I'll come out of the I. So democratize use retail money, but ultimately reasons how money's pay work than the institutional money. So, it's it's the retail money is getting to take advantage of real real six five, these larger they know that you't have seen the power abs power as as a bigger. 
But it's deal for it. just getting the same right, so well when you look at the services that he's providing for these businesses. Um, you know, one of the things you talked about was and they diligi training, operational planning, uh, you caught it down that, right? So that you know, what would both that cost forly to this AD&D engine really all the process and technology and put together for their.? 
$540 million HA, you would be to come in. I'd say you, uh you probably call that, um, you know, in Arabicrogant act to call that sort of subsized systems, right? So getting the company, you know, giving you the understanding which casts are, helping your businesses together, uh financial statements that would end go into the media.. engaged, you,.. multip. 
I'm. maybe, so that you because I'm gonna have to this this go. So it's like four things seconds, so it's like talked about a lot of this. So long as the new IPL example, uh, you a very, I never notice.. you can do an IP on you could do an ideal at $20 million, basically. by. is just different. 
And this is what I would say, if you were a if you were a technology started up with 29 and ideallyally that um you're using that those IP proceeds to grow that company and as a air chance that that company, you know, would be a billion dollar revenue company and 45 or five years be possible story, but it had 29 IMsociated.. and and and why is that?? Yeah. ask the question? is good.? 
What would it possible value not whether it's worked or not? I got it cost or million? I wouldn't say it would cost you that much, I say cost you, you, I prosecut for business, I have to spend at least three or four on professional back offices, right? 
You probably spend five to ten, bags and count begin to 10 million years. You know, what happened which is why that're doing this, because when you then is all pay. like it's just you don't have enough money to do it, and this is why time to not the task paying the bill or err money to have access to thealth actually and. because right now it happens there, the day is there, there noties to there, you don't know, you need it in by you don't how the follows. Like until, until they have to be told the truth. 
This is the truth. The government's not protect contact, they're gonna diverseots to tell us something black or brown or whatever. and know something you one none of the I love money. but all that is true, but the questionated, not. I'm not myself like a whole group of people, except that the moment I asked all our people out of the threat andings. 
I are you. So we have to come together so group everything is cheaper when we come together good fighting ones. make stronger, we need richer, we walk out, we have. So soy healthy you have the, let's say have a home service in sort of special services today.. most most of all like most north of two City ofrees and really o, but is founded more bad, the story telles to what do you need readers? 
What are you gonna mean? I? So you need, oh, my God, it said two0 or 300, but, you know, if your business is gonna be 350 in five years, that's not such a great people call. you wanna be able to grow that business, you know, what give it tell the head story to get people excited to, you know, 250 here. $00 million you many that's sort of the average one that you' lightly and.. 
So, what what what means to be the what ideas are individual, I think most most come I get the exact stats, right? but most companies that all large, some million dollar numbers. But also, I did part of that Iute because if more, you over you were you water, and companies are de in public. companies are being longer and longer using private capital, such describe other to stay private longer, uh, and then, you know, testing the decisions. uh, like these, but, you know, no public is just one more formal an ex. 
Right? There's an exit, you can you can you public, we can exit by to another strategic which is the company that's in simple business. The worth, uh, you know you can edit it by sell into um private equity or other investors. 
So ITO says one more way is.. so what what are the are the benefits you about? I buy fact is not like larger fact lean more, you know about being larger blind private travel to their republic. what's what's advant in on public? I mean, there's a number of benefits, depending on the company, I's say, you know, whether the most important benefits is to have become occur meaning your stock as parents, so you're using a currency to grow your company, you're using that currency to hire town. right? 
It's it's it's easy to hire town even than a republican, because they know that the value versus trying to value, you know, credit you don't know technically value. and also if you currency that is actually choire, you know, you're not the shock. You're down the choirer of other in the currency. Mastern. so you said requiring easy. why isn't that with companies are better for that? 
They actually they have choice to use their stock as, you know, the currency and that in that in addition, you know, they have to do, but that's. So, what what is theseectors right now, um, what that this is you see. I on my the primary confirms that I' an ide has um each have rein four different specialties. 
Uh, so I I don't know if I've seen, you know, you know, a an industry that's particularly in neighbor, you know, I say, um, and it's not just because Jason sit around the other day, not deserves the business, but I say anything sort of deserves something? uh, has been very popular, uh anything with a sort of anything with technology really to do it? Um, and it's things that can clean tech is and they' using the technology to become more efficient, um scale a quicker uh, basically businesses that um businesses that can grow is and this is the grow most gasid that using the operations of the business to grow, or using the businesses a platform, like you said, order to add other similar businesses to it to grow that, it's you know it's really all about, you know, the growth that more importantly the grow process. 
There you got. So, um you you probably a little bit about how that you that end up in higher down, right? Uh, and you mentioned about the already SPL our operations, et cetera. what what do you think are the most important things for small business are right out there or what we. they can be inquired? 
I'd say, um, you, I'm the owner of a mediumized business, so lot work, a lot of professionalize the base of my business to the outside world, right? So, make sure I have make sure I have, you know, the best advisors that that I before, um, have you have the right offer, have the right account firmms, has the right tax and fin constitutions that I know this is with um, a lot to be sure that I could have the data of my business in a way that I could easily slice and nice it to be able to tell the story that I wanna tell. take into a potential investment, again, I go back when I said go, uh it's much better to be able to get a question and be able to say, I can get to that I have that answer or I can get to that answer in hour versus saying it's continued to put all that information to go, right? Um, it's kind of not what you say that, but as if you're on the other side of that, you're gonna feel much more confident and a person or a theme that can give the answer and can tell you the end that it really rap and quickly versus stated waiting around professionalizing organization, professionalizing plans to or, exactly what we' we' these four years so we're talking about the RMMD as well. being created the best of us as who were alongside businesses that are all together. 
So best. So, guys another great job all the whole life. there's just one or two question that was eight on audience right over here. If you could you discuss the difference between a public company that goes with the baseless versus theASA and the doubt is ast. 
I don't have a good reason. I don't have experience behind with companies that are call be uh something smaller than asA or the part of the New Yorkocking. so I I would I would you know so this I would just I would say that you you would like to get a better value, uh being on a scale where you could go up on one of the national changes versus trying to do it via. do you tell me whether they exchange the sheets are you? I' it's just not a business that I am I not the exchange? 
Yeah, Uh, I'm curious. So with Iirms, I know that a lot of times the smallerms of have a larger firm, it's a larger, what's what's the indual it? Is there ever a viable strategy or it always a go? 
Well, it's it's there is a strategy, but if you recall, I said, most bonds have a light ten years, right? So, within thaten year period, they have to do what the best pieces was, whether that cut off, throw the company, um, you know acquire other companies to build it up, right, to fulfill their theis. and then they have to that's right that they' gonna be testing makesent that to return capital to their investments, right? And it's just a it's a constant sort of term with that. 
So it's not that they don't want to buy, right? It's a function more of itaining your life that mind, so that then they look for an exit and oftentimes, particularly basically, they exit to another fun, right? It just seems like you can only do that so many times, like, and then the end. 
No, you can do it, you know, especially you around. Right? And it's not it's it's it you know, you're they're choosing to exit not as a public marketplace to choose to exit to to do the fun, right, the fund that they deal with normally the age, but when they say when I have big is that age you have one of the company tax, I Austin not, you're doing what they call dual track, meaning you're getting a company ready to do an idea, but they're also talking to other thoughts and other companies to potentially sell that, not necessarily be the IBO in a public market, but they got to sell it to something else that they're looking at a parel track to see what's the most valuable to them to sell, right? 
Maybe they can get, you know,X in the public markets and they' 12X on it to another bug of the company, well, they can be equal to sell it where they can get, you know, the town. So, look, we we're in the Well, everyone here goes to the ultimately well, we talk a lot about it right they put a lot out there is the highest attorney person, as this is complicated and olderly there's a lot that used to be learned and a lot of education, because it's a really stuff. how many people would show hands understand everything that we were talking about that's and, but this is exactly why, because that actually did that understand the type of things, so that everyone was the be and tri best reportinget that in how the. So you and right, it... 
All right. see what the speech. So, we talked a bit about that you guys, uh heads sitting around at alloun around, you'ides because that's what the time we talk about is that's what happens. Uh, but the exciting thing is is the returns for Mosc. 
And so, you know, look, hopefully what you guys are getting here is this is like, if you don't arument a lot about this, it is gonna have links of seeds for you, of interest, curiosity, like or do talks about, that is, so that you guys can start evaluating this? Because one thing that we we talk about a lot here is targets, how do you guys have a defined target for your business in next 10 years? You're like, this is the target. 
Most people don't have that targeting, and so when you start talking about private equity, it's not even a situation. You talk about selling the businesses, not in departmentition. That's why so many baby boomers right now are getting to retirement age and they really never have to land for their business. like I thought I was gonna be a business my whole life. and that's the opportunity that we're helping people take advantage of right now is acquiring all these businesses that have whole technology, they've been in business for a long time, somebody asked for we've been driving the business, they just a cruising in the business. and that's where you will be able to experience participate in a time outation by you guys have before, four here in. the next thing we wanna talk about is now, you start firing money, and started firing capital, when you un protect it? 
raise your hand if you like if your business would would no longer operate the way it does today, you are not in the business. raise your hand. If you were removed from the business, it would not your head up. If you didn't show up for a business would definitely mean a worse position, keep your hands. 
How many of your people how many people with your hands up, it should be. How many of you have families to move your hands up? Okay, so the business would work without you and have a family. 
So if something happened to you, what does that mean for the business in your family? That means and so we wanted to make sure that we talked about what you guys can start doing and thinking about to protect the business and to protect yourself and to make sure that all the work that you've done, like can trans onto your kids and your family something that over happen you without having to death, meaning made nothing. You know, we we ran mention earlier about a client our so he had a target, he had a business in his young, he exploded the business inrew, he was flying a helicopter, he asked a wife and kids, and he grabbopter died. 
And now they had theatomy that whole process of, oh my gosh, what are we do now? The source of the business is gone. And so it's a really important thing, nobody likes thinking about it, if you have to. 
And so, one of the services that we're writing in the tax coverage business is a waste of invest protect yourself. So we bringing up somebody who's gonna be really integrolled in animal process. He's the president of Eic life and executive benefits. 
He's the managing principle ofartment of the average. He's got a refer experience in the insurance of the financial industry. He at thousands of advisors, consumers, uh high and altered worth of individuals andporations he recognized an expert as an expert as his consulting top firms onory estate planning insurance and business strategy. inf realt and gentlemen, please walk to the stage, Mitch Smith., the insurance guys awesome.? 
We finished up with the insurance guys... I actually I need guy that came. I actually in the business a long time ago, uh money guys money out the money went into insurance so about us. and they what we wanted to do is spend an educating guy. these guys lot about, our ter tours and a high level the things you need for in terms out of all half years teaching, right? 
Keep it loose and I'll try to make it somewhat new things with mel like cool. it's not just a couple statistics, right? It's about how this product you lot of different things. The problem is with life insurance a lot of times is you get the message from all kind of provers and most of the words just trying to sling something and get the hell out, right? 
That's not what this is. We're trying to build some basketball. trying to build a risk management platform acting cancel all questions that you have to buy protecting or taxes to your business or families, or whatever it is they trying to do. we're gonna try all do with that. sl. Okay. insurance is, right? 
don't realize you need too late. Right? So, little quote, right, you had a parachute, you have one chance at that, right? 
It's risk perfection, but it's not just risk if you die or disabled, it's risk of I don't lower taxation, I don't lower income, I games. How do I providefection against corporate assets, I think I'm building in my compartment, how do I provide benefits to my executives or top salespeople, or whatever it is insurance does all that stuff, right? We we'll talk about that. 
So I'm trying to understand how this all this is, sort of in the access world. Make of money matter people that their job is to beat the market, right? that their job is to avoid risk that they can feed the market, right? 
So that's their job. financial planners, take that money manager does and puts it all together, figures out what sort of kernels are gonna be there to give us the ultimateole what that money do. And what we do is we provide protection against all that. That's what an insurance person does, we want an edge, probably earn that. here, right?. talked about just like options for for talk about that earlier. the history of insurance, not could have go to the nuances, but it's kind cool to hear how this all started. 
The true history really knows. They think it could be literally 10,000 years ago out the house. There was the Romans that sort of started it and made it a thing where they said, hey, we need to protect our club members. 
Romans had lots of clubs. They want to provide perfection role orumbers, so the club members are actually building money for they're earning and when someone dies here in the out of the pool that's of how to start. They there math to it. 
They just said, hey, let's some money in, whether there' 20 or 30 or like then figure that lot, right? And then some ministers came around and they started doing the same things many years later, putting these gloves and trying to provide rejection. And I think everyone sort of Lloids of London. 
Lloyd of London started a coffee house. There was coffee houses in the sort of 16, 1700s. Apple people did distance, and all these shipping people would hang out there and mention capitalst of the time to come in, you would try to get money to provide a petion and if the shipping ground the film, and people would all the money and if someone died on a shift and the ship went down and things like that they would have money to provide. 
So these were the all this stuff. The dates I put up there and lost thebates everything. 1861, that's when of the first federal attacks to really store, and this. The nice thing is when insurance switch started right around here from the United States, right through officially, the federal tax code said, we will tax everything but we're not gonna tax well insurance. 
That was the like seem different and opportunity, right, for. And then had nine and between 193, they said, we're just gonna tax everything now. We're gonna have ways do to tax corporate taxes, and investment taxes, and insurance still was excluded. 
So fast forward now the codes for the last hundred plus years, 200 years have not changed. They still favor insurance. The two big changes came in the 80s and a few years ago, and the change was to actually make it better. 
So this is democratic Republican. They both agree that we should allow English insurance to still remain free from power.. That's what is positive history. 
It's highly unlikely likely insurance whereability products or going to be here. The insurance industry is a massive industry. bigger than the time. They impoded that things wouldn't very bad. they're not gonna do that, but they tweeak into the Internet that's always possible, but we're gonna talk about how to take advantage of all this stuff. 
So first, lots of life insurance products. There's generally thousands of products in the market. You have whole life, universal life, current insurance, all these things. 
I'm sure you'veized. Whole life is the beginning of life antiquated, don't really see it anymore. It's typically sold by a broker that works for some insurance company, good commission and all that kind of thing. 
Very expensive and not flexible. What I need by not flexible is you can't change anything once you buy the property. You can't decide to lower the debt medical. 
You can't decide to stop paying frequ because it can do what creates loans with createpense, right? So you have to be very careful with these kind of products. Universal life scoring in the 70s, and that's flexible. 
There are all kinds of universal life products. There's variable index or assumption and guarantee. variable needs, it has impleux. I mean, it's not exactly wants. 
I down case we so from finra or the SNC. we understand there's a difference, but at at a high level, generally that's what it is. right? So you can invest your premiums in something like that. index life let an invest in a market, time like an option, where you provide perfection from the market have your losses and you have a generally not at works, and then encur assumption life is int, right? Meaning it's like a CDU a or something like that. 
That's gener life, a nice thing to universal life is you can change that benefit, you can lower if things get tough, you can take out money and very minimal dispense, you can stop premiums or no loans to do that, it just comes out of the value if there is a value course. And then you have term insurance with sub for it, right? Just so you know, term insurance is not insurance companies need most of their money. 98% of ture policies 39% last, or could never pay that. 
I forget that's not the insurance company getting one over on. That's because people buy them and don't keep them, where they buy short periods of time, they die with they buy a ten years or something like that, right? It's insurance are smart. up they make it a little cheaper, that're not gonna keep paying it, we're gonna make lots of money and maybe invested money after that. 
The permanent stuff is the priced correctly is much more bad. right for you, and the things you're trying to do. So, at a high level, those are the cross. and umights I mention two investment types. That's what we're gonna kind of talk about about. 
We have index bar, I big this audience we watch. TikTok and all these things, there's lunatics running around, to talk and that's like as the greatest impestment at work, it is a very good investment but be veryly careful of this stuff. Okay? 
You probably about eating at a tent of the stuff that's out there for those countriesrovers is not something you can buy very expensive, very commission driven, not really investment oriented. You have to be careful. One of the reasons we areoriize is because we wanna do right things, right? 
We wanna help people understand these as they give them things that actually do what they say.? That's the idea right creating something that really not. That's insurance. 
The premiums that can put in there get best products. is kind of how it works. This is crazy looking. But just imagine index product said, we will allow to best the SPI, a major. 
What you do is we'll say anything below zero here together.'t zero. You'll get. cost for that is there options. give you some limited outside. So they might say. 
We'll give you nine, ten seven. So if the art is 12, about you 10. They go down nine and seven. 
That's that. There are not but it's a good thing for people to say you'raid of volatility in the markets. other.. tell you that. There's there's there's down side. 
There's all kinds of other ways when you do this. Obviously, I don't wanna kill you, they have too much information. There'sing some downside perfection all that stuff. 
And you like terms to do all this. Why is this any good that you has to do the values lighter you're alive and the things you can do with it what we're gonna talk about. So this is an example some of the stuff you can do, right? 
The expert sort of thing is you have no ideal on your seat. People just don't get what insurance could really do. That's the cool thing about it. 
When you hear about these size, the full stock of solship programs, and defer compensation and special retirement programs, almost always that's a life trans trans. People don't know that. It's not always people can get a medical exam. 
It's a chass insurance that allows us to be really cool things, so we can tend different assets. We can reduce all the obligations we have on parkership the letters passed because some is a high. could buy out partners with the values or document on behalf, which all talk about before you about about having, you how the business if someone passes away and if disabled, the business also are, but it's not just you. Maybe you have someone helping you. 
You're screwed not to that person, whether it's temporary or forever is a key person situations, right? You would create an equid, you could avoid the IRS in aisto rules a little things about some of these things, right the time. This is a big one.? 
Do you want to avoid these guys? Hey, we're trying to find a way to utilize all the money we made, and not just making it, right? I heard earlier we wanna make money, right? 
I we wanna make money, that's that's the key, of course we want the money. We want to keep it. Right? 
That's what we're here to try. figure out to have to keep that money in any service, how be low the tax. If something happens, if I get sick, I have all of these things, that's what would wanna do a little big that. the big, big thing of the IS like for about 100 years, and then in the 80s, they gotta be more serious, they said, we're gonna create a code about how life insurance values work. Meaning when you're alive, justif, how is that work? 
They said, we're gonna create this code called section 7702, and this is the definition, but you're not gonna go through all this. I would be boring. If you can see it, if you get the idea, right? 
You could look it up on the IRN. and the general idea was that the build up all like the first happened, the ensure that the owner of insane owner of the policy that takes out those values will not pay the income or tax tax, as long does that policy stays in force and it doesn't last to cancel it. And as long as it doesn't break certain rules, and those rules are you can just put unlimited money as will leg versus a but there's a formula.s how much we can put it versus that. CR. 
They made all that stuff much more serious in the 80s, because frankly before that, wealthy people would buy hundred, 250,000 life insurance and put millions of dollars. and the IS says, whoa, whoa. We're okay with the tax free stuff, but this is crazy. that's a formula here. You have to have some reasonable amount insurance to what you're trying to buy. that's are. 
I'm simplifying, but that's generally what happened in the code. And in 2020, they changed the code again, they actually did better. the formula and they lowered it where you can put more money. Do you with unbeliev. 
I't have our money. insurance about earlier, five to the loan and give you. doesn't.iversal the good ones to all the clock for more than 10 years. the lower are 25 bases. That's .25. Very small, right? 
Not one percent.25 percent. So that's what they charge. that long of the rate of, you have to pay a d against your value against the. the distributionions are free account. that policy, of course. I'm gonna talk,' gonna show wheel numbers and how sort of powerful this is so all the things insurance can do these are all the taxodes that we take you manager. tax referral, no infact have aains tax. 
It's notcludable your adjusted gross income. mean when you take that distribution, like the just to look at it as total info. why that's important. For a state planning, it helps estate taxes, you can private equity if we talk lot about, there are insurance products at whole private equity. and you get no navigating the past or a one report. that's aes this alleviates that is a private place and allows you to get. You have to be in a competitive investment is normal by that to purchase those kind of problems. very, very attractive, if that's something you could do. and then the other thing is also when you ret retire one day you're taking this. it does not count potential security, or almost everything else is taking will. 
I don't care how well the security. Right? you worked hard want that much? 
I want pay extra, right? let me do that. So, I'll talk about how that sign comes together invest that. 
But as far as business business isuation land. you handle the business something happens? partners, you got a car you're supposed to have a b sell, right? If there's two people involved in business after some sort of degree that says, our disabled, is what's gonna happen. 
This is how I value my business. This is how I'm gonna buy wealth. This is all of keep in mind in the United States, there is a law that says if you're if you're married, your part's b on both in life. 
And one of you dies where this isable, a spousy piece of harbor. There's no negotiating, there's no That on.. So that is a spouse probably doesn't be you know.? 
Maybe he he is like I'm taking over and you're like, oh, yeah. and you, okay, you giving him up. And you don't have you. paper for it you don't have much money on the books. insurance works that. So it's important one to buy something that that says exactly what happens. very, very quickly. how lawyer business is. 
And then on the right? And then the agreement, you simply say, if something happened, this is what it's worth, this is what the insurance is for. then there's no litigation. Everyone signed off, says what it is, because it, I have lots of expert witness stuff. 
I've seen things have partship after something has happened, and people didn't do this stuff. and you gotta be careful of that. So, two/3s of business in this country or family owned, most don't survive in that generation. People 70% of so don't survive. 
And it's not because they're big or small, because they're not protecting it. They don't think about it. Maybe they have a bunch of kids and one kid is not the smartest. one kid is great, and they're trying to figure out how much equalize that. called interance localizationance, right? 
size of insurance, and stuff that, right? stuff like that, because we don't wanna have a bunch of fighting. It's all legal and trust. 
So those are some things we wanted. a formal plan is very, very important.enty of formal plans. I am in front of very big business involved version. Private activity is actually one of our biggest business relationships. 
I deal with people that are unbelievably smart billionaires on. I can't tell you how many I walk through a bit. They don't have any agreements, or they never updated or it's not funded, or got to it whatever is so I don't care who you are, you probably should take a look at it again and just make sure it's not these are things we're gonna be able to do, right? 
This is a huge advantage you're gonna have as a part of this organization versus going to find someone who're not really sure what they're doing and that do those things for you. I online businesses act labor, right? Those are three more things to protect ad. capital and know money, obviously you gotta get money under way to to find money from loans and things like that, labor, labor, leadership is everything. 
I don't like the word manage a lot, I all about you to all that kind of stuff. So I think I like that for a leadership. So, you gotta inter these things, somehow. 
There's all kinds of ways to do that. You need to ask yourself questions. These are some of the questions. 
I'm sure you're gonna get these powerPoints to everyone hopefully, and you can see some of this stuff the questions you need to ask show.. Who do I want to be my partner? How am I gonna handle that? 
What would how do I mightcel this business one day either to a farmer or someone else? gotta make sure if they have a farmer in or find that. how you do that? insurance can do this stuff, you't just have to die to get the value of a talk. 
All these different things are very worth this. For key, key person I have someone as a top salesperson, who are really generating the gradu. Godid that person means the whatever I need to figure out that want to keep him if he doesn't buy or, right, some sort of benefit plan that's gonna be an insurance product all about. 
If he does or she does it is say, not forbid how do I handle that set. These are all things you need to make about and uh. So, some of you in the audience I have a policy, I'm good. 
I have budies with this guy for 30 years. You're probably not good. Um and the numbers of the numbers, right? 
statistics, I love statistics, heard of funny one the other day. 45% of marriage and worse, 55% of marriage said, yeah., do it. I was like, I like this, use that as soon as I. So these statistics, 80% of policies that exist today, get 10 policies in force of the United States today can be rest structured to provide better, either perfection or less f cost. Pretty much all policies are up, again, it's the kind of business when people tend to run into for a few years leave it work for some car, it's unfortunate that there's not a lot of professional as a grounds like that, right? 
Our job in my world is to try to one of the reasons I wanted to go into is to create professionals. and there'soles, right? So if you have a policies, someone need to look at it and make sure it's okay, even trustees, even lawyers, right? That's what typically a trustee is. 83% of trustees in this country have no sort of program for going through the policy and looking at it every year or if they don't have got. 
So it doesn't really matter. and policies that have been investments, 95% of the people that have those matter policies, no one's matter. There's no one really understanding how matters these things. These are real numbers. 
They are big, you know, there were all the shit comes up with this stuff, so crazy. And then we get to whatever people want. People want protection one, Godmit something happens and true, they want make sure the money they earn will be there. 
So every study says whether you're pre retirement or after retirement. I wish I had planned better for volability for all. I'm way provide. 
I wanna edge that stuff. I young, I didn't think, I got older, I hated, but not all those things. I wish I lowered my tax a little bit when I finally retired. 
I thought I was having money I didn't realize that I went back. all of that stuff. These are big statistics. Either way, these research studies will build on very wealthy people on most of the time, but certainly any way that is gonna have the same concerns of wealthy people are worried about it. 
I mean right and not. So, we're gonna talk about how do we deal with some of this stuff I'm gonna give some ideas, we'm gonna talk about real life going to be studies, um and get through what I' think might be a valitude. So what? 
I do I lower. If I say the right type of policy, yeah, right talk, the title. low cost, good investment, well managed, and saving along and and then one day when I retire, must say taking $150,000 aire.. If I took that ball to my normal investment portfolio and I get t capital g games with saying in some taxs. 
I'm gonna get about 30,000 taxes on 150,000., all right? I'm not including state tax, right? It could be worse, we will there in generalize what you're gonna see if you guys mix. 
It's not not even happening. You have half of that I didn't quite a half that came from an insurance distribution when we retired. for all rock tax to 12,000. That's say 50% roby tax.. 
And that's because if I' taking $150,000, and it takes a50,000 from the insurance IRS from the IRS and a month, not onit. So they're not gonna tax that, only hundred tax, and the 50 is all tax. no matter how much money yourew it, again, you got to maintain at all so you can be with. right to do that. So that's how high level how that might work to get even more sort of complicated the stuff on the right, like all this stuff know, I'm in a business, it's highly regulated. 
We got the lots of disclosures, you gonna have to read all that real fast. generally, if you look at this, this was a 50 year old guy who saved a lot of money, he wanted to save about 250,000 year or 15 years, and he wanted to take half a million dollars at retirement from a wh horold. He has our retirement 18 million bucks, something like. had a lot of money. You all so there shouldn't be a shot, right? 
It' be liquor oil. He had that one day, and he wanted to take some of it out of insurance and see the effect. He wanted to see mathematically how is this gonna work for me if I had come and say the year 2000., when the markets went down for four years and raising all over the way. 
How would this really gonna work? What you're seeing is in that blue and unollow one, I think that's a little. in the blue as no insurance, no pension for his income tax, Apple. what is portfolio down the insurance, I only some of the distributions requirement what much more assets sitting there because theged with the advantage of inc capital. Now again, do this with this any, can't buy insurance off the street and your work. asking off the low loan, as to have a good investment, that's that low all that things. that's you know, I can just yeah, right? 
I can say most of mine is not gonna work in my vision, I loat, it could have been for 30, 40 years, maybe, but I don't think that. Um really sort of complex stuff. I don't wanna kill you too much. 
I think am I supposed to stop around 15? All right, so I got two more minutes. Okay. um so, this is called a deumulation energy, is a pretty really complex for size. and this idea says, when you retire and you see in your insurance, what you're gonna do is use the insurance distribution only in the years following and negative years mark. say that again. 
SB 500, 2024 goes down. you say that happened? In January of 2025, you would take an add distribution from insurance after your normal portfolio. Markets go up in 2025, you go back to the portfolio of the institution. 
It's basicallyically mathematically and every time frame in history is created more outets 99.2% of time. This ID. So it is an excellent ideal. 
It's complicated by by people have savier understanding, someone that energy, but this is kind of how we look, right? And that size is moreonial, the right insurance, that's really taking out money, when the markets are good in that volume here, you can see how much skitches around. right? And how to say, what would that look like? 
This example is 1929. You don't down but you're really young is not a good.. markets went down and went down and went down. If someone invested without ent in 1929 that bottom blue on is what happened to their money. 
If you look at the red, that's them taking investment distributions only out of the insurance card, I performance. top blue line is what happened to the. So they have a lot more money, right? What is the trick? 
It's not necessarily the ret is the trick. In these examples only show like 5% returned, way less than the score will returned. The trick is taxation, right? 
We're trying to avoid taxation, trying to bring it down legally within the nine bots, down the middle of the fairway, no questions, right? Nothing may have to worry about. you follow really easy to do. It works really, really well. 
If you have a business and you're thinking how do I protect my people, have my teeth in there, something keep us. This is an example of losing insurance can give someone, a retirement and they can guarantee. So this is someone who company has been bonusing this individual a lot, right? 
Every bonusing has got $150,000. year they want be able to give it about $1 hundred thousand in your bonus and you're program. These didn't have to pay tax on that bonus. So after everything, this execut is gonna pay about $20,000 a year of taxes for that honest that goes with the roll. 
I jump forward when that individual turned 60 and then this example got to be bought. He's 60 now. You'll be able to take a $700,000 tax free loan on guarantee, but if the market doesn't least 5% will get 2.1 million. 
He invested is technically, right as a taxes. $22,000 a year for 15 years. We call $300,000. dollars. And he's getting at least double guarantee. worth a lot more. 
If he waits lose 65, 1.3 million guarantee. This is a great golden hand copy. You say you're talking to the top person, I'm gonna do this for you, but you have to say your ten years, if you have to do Iowail or whatever. 
When you do program for life insurance, it's called non qualified, you don't have to follow the risive guidelines of discrimination. That means if you do for whoever you want your entitude. You can do over your person, but a person has been there for five years, you can do a big opinion on time if you want. you do it for whatever you want. you set to figure out the math of what you're gonna get, right? 
Popular programsold in hand. This is just one example. It's an underlying insurance product creates this insurance life insurance, right underlying insurance profit. as I wrap up here a little bit I know running out, other things you can do, there's evil sort of structures you can do. 
There's some if you're married, there's something called the slap, it's a trust where you could put the life insurance policy in a trust on your money or you're trusting, and then that individual gets all its benefits of the trust where removed from your skape and you get all the inflate Apple gains out free and you get acid passion. Very good way to do it. The wife and the husband is the one that controls that asset that gave to each other, so the husband gives it to the wife, he has no say that. 
So the wife is not like that, the wife can do the same thing to the husband, and then you get these great benefits slant over some time again, but in great legal tool where you can use life insurance. Well, um yeah, this is some constantistic stuff as you up here. um I think that we use lots of statistics. and one thing I have before Brandon comes out and I thought the little is you all these numbers always did this, my big thing is that like is there's the odds of this that it's could be one or 100 one. my whole thing is is the odd people ready not making direct choices for yourself and your family in your business is one of the world. Right, someone told me about and not that.. but it was brilliant, like, absolutely, so I leave with that now we' power that. in the middle of. important is talk about sizing the front. 
Yeah, so we're about a two billion business. um we have about 4500 employees, maybe 5,000 out all over the world, uh insurance program and consulings where the world largest risk for longer calber for entertainment, private equity, uh construction, So my friend is isound. There's, he is what's the total market value of the businesses combin? Well, the revenues two million worth of value is probably 15, 16, 15, 16 billion? 
And so, what's important is is bringing the best class in, so we started this conversation a couple of years ago with Shawn and we got talking to how do we detect this? How do we put? What he talked about there was and said he in and says, like how do you keep your emplo on? 
You can this effort high structure switches by it was up here to drop up new ways because we could use these hyperants to keep people so they don't leave you what we call called the hand. We just had a young man who had a a little million our company for this ago to break it. and I don't know, unfortunately, crashed himself copper and died with absolutely two million when he was two and he started with this. So when that happens, all of a sudden we've got family members, and we've got key boys and and there' used an infusion and capital. and what we realized is we find Michael how we bit from five years. 
So, so here's the thing we have that are exposed, we have human, which we have all sorts of financial blocks you can play our business on tax they build wealth for you also, because it in to borrow that tax free, we could go borrow the million over rent and give it to for. So if you can get all the little leverage points in your business, working, fast and manage the business, you get gold people customer PT university and make sure that they realize that reference the contribution and you can keep in there. You have the right policies in the right place funding the right things. 
We're wrapping users all. extra money that's borrow a million dollars out of here because a wire and so world. These are complicated things that are reli on lots of complicated people, potentially some of the products and services you know. I wondering to go to the besta class, new a partnership or our community and make sure that if we're bringing people in talking to you about this, that is somebody you can trust. 
But also you work with how many agents do you guys have?. with, yeah. And you work with other independents you work with, well, we work with a lot, big invest individual. And inquisitions, you know, an acquisition, you should be together allattle on the business of that you bought business there in there because they have. 
So there's different reasons you need to useurances. of us I know perfectamples because you guys have been in all the stuff I have was a frickin disaster. and I considerably somehow fairly sophisticated guy, but when you taking multiple, it puts a psych business when you' taken advice from multiple people on multiple range, you the kid, bunch of things are operated silence. so you think you have a all optized with the truth physical cy out, and it's a problematic or it's not accimized. So when you think about how many entrepreneurs business with time network happens, you guys have created a whole program for the Eisenberg. When you think about access to the high you use without every day person, because this is a recurring the access to a dialect. 
We're going off the street, we've $1 million business simp gonna go on the home? No. what's the process, so the process of someone that's not affiliated with you guys, as never have. This is that they're they're doing that have finding the money or all money or something like that. and good support, and it's all about better go well, uh, but normally if it's a high order or about piliation myates or whatever, they simply just contact us and say, don't wanna talk, I'm not sure the risk is I have. it's religious conversation. is what what you want to do, what you have, what you hope to have. what you what do you do we have a bunch of people in your bud Michael own their own business. 
How do you work with? Oh their own. Oh well we could so if that individual wants to sort of maybe grow their insurance business more and attractive what people, we do we have four each of business is working on insurance programs. 
This is another reason we did this by the way because what I want I talk about, how would we how do we take allikes in the community? Because we got a ton of people that independent insurance and I was like, what can we do for our community? And he's like, they can attach to the. 
And if it's better he does better, he can use those things because I been working with him on business business has been working with him and family to how do we how do we create a market? So if you're an independent business owner and you wanna have access to things that you might not be able to bring to the market and maybe you need that, but if you offer something, what we're doing with them and benefits you in your business, you can andote So, I mean, you work for people with that animals? Yeah, yeah, I mean that's a business for us all of those guys, they're gonna have to run their business more effectively getting the resources. 
Now they don't have to buy or spend a lot of money and all these resources, giving them contracts and insurance companies, they can never get a wrong, asking the products that we have on the table't have, et cetera, et cetera. so that you people on the ground that people talking. we want left, right? We wanna let up, bring it together and grow around.. So this is one of the things where focused on is going to third parties who already created a massive marketever, and you' creating programs for our entreneurs, but also if you' somebody that's in their spaces, insurance vacated, creating opportunities for you to be able to take new things to the marketplace which well, I don't our. 
So it's a win win for everybody, because in my world, if you already have a relationship with someone that in working, they can now poke our bod and services through him and if it does matter for you, you that makes sense now. versus us just to a biop. That's why we want the biggest parters who an investive job. So we'll talk about when we think about that gold handles, because any of this area, how many of you have two or three ways to the people you more. 
So, specifically, how can you do somebody to resources or walk people in the same? Well, you figure out how much, you know you want, how they are you have a thousand and the things they're doing to make that more effective want than that wants to. It's competitive world. sol stars can well, no matter how boiled, they're gonna get they're gonna hear most people, they're gonna look out there, so it's working, you know, you cost you and you tell us what they can do and how much youact to help that individual and put together to make it a track. 
And so they've got all they' big fun. So this is how we're interested and explore you the uternative business for well management, you're interested in exploring tax advantages of this. If you go to the group and you just simply say, hey, I need to set up a conversation. 
He has a team of people that you that normally you wouldn't get to that these all people for our community in order to help you if you and you're in the business, you can set up a call about him about what cost service sell that they offer or what contracts might way to you, because we're one next. And when we're looking at introducing the things in the marketplace, we want lift all sides of high of all. you want by the services or we also help our little source. And if you're somebody who made you're just getting here thinking about getting a space, you could actually become a local market mark. once you' trying out like wireless is your origin? 
Yeah, when album grow outsour insurance advisory is a big business. If you have a best firm or CAerm, you insurance, I all learn that up and creating one speaking up there own business. These guys have been a massive bro. wealth man second of the largest in the world on what we' But by the way, you H HDAC space,ity spaces. just which company also has all of the work work on at this uh train. their company is the A one, thatal shot? 
Not so so literally, like, if you're an HPA, one of the things we problem not is just giving a list of all higher HVA systems and the all around the constutveness so have a war with easiest meeting in a data is for a hugeiration... All right, they're bring it up. You guys work about lost stuff there about for public insurance and bunch of services. 
Don't get lost and all this, and it all the same, so I' talking about the in the bathroom. I'm like, you're not gonna get the spirit in the inner all these other things to our, because you guys wanna make more money? you wanna have about you stuff in your family? 
you wanna have. It's about people. It's not about products, it's about people. 
The number of units if you heard me how many of you here in our real estate clubs? most important number real estate has not average the most white number in real estate is unities. the most important number is all businesses not brought up service number one not all I see the number of those service of those people. Okay, so when I'm all is I step out of the target, whatever my target is, I do not worried about how I get to the target of theics, the vehicleath. and if you guys gonna get over, it's just complicated. like, like I' buried.. 
If you go back and you still back at the church by life. this why this is why like insurance, like insurance is so boring. And that you killing you, bro? I'm dying over here. 
I wanna ask you that. I you this fucking die. me because there's at me. I'm like, okay, I'm dying again. 
And fuck, this is what started. should have started this. Hey, how do you like exactly the program for your people that will keep this American. Okay, oh yeah. hey, I't only do that, they' not gonna do that. 
I don't even even tell you the insurance. You wouldn't even care for the insurance, whole insurance, term insurance,ats, flats, flats, like what does it matter? You guys don't get lost in the mechanics. 
There was this going out that she was one of the best service people who she didn't sell box service and she raised money to. Her name Rogers.ene Rogers had three stable names that she operated with her. anything else, nothing. If all the confusions universe happened, she would go to three more. 
So I just wanna share that the things that are stable for me. one is the target, okay? If I don't have a target, I need no place. This is the most important thing in my life. 
Most of my life my targets have been wrong, they've been incorrect, and they did too small. In the achievement of my target, let's say this target is a money, let's say it's a billion dollars by a billion dollars, $10 billion or a hundred million dollars. Whatever the number is, it's all worth. 
My first going for $3,000 a month and $40,000 a month was the most important money I ever made at all. The moment I saw I can go for three to four brand, I. I knew for the first time in my life, 25 years old, I'm in control. I becameide. 
Once I have the money then I got to make a decision about whether I kept it. Then once I made a decision, cannot multiply the money. That's really all you can do with money. 
You get to get it. You don't mention it. Any of you say you make it, you don't benef it this. 
It gets a lot to make money. Somebody else makes money, they make it scale, they print it, they print it, they don't need a printity for, they hit a digit, boom, approved. Congress approves it trillions of dollars, not even printed. two minutes. everybody agmendous tremous amount. 
We printed seven trillion based on what, $10 trillion of what Gary comes in yesterday we have. somewhere around eight to ten trillion, 11 trillion. nobody even knows how much. Actually, you even get a real number. when the 10 trillion was printed, they and that money is multiple about 10 to $20. So there's somewhere between 20 and or ten and 200 trillion of new money creditips in the United States of America. 
That' found Mexicoond inuerto Rico or not. not even have their money. Australia, Canada, right? Okay, you guys understand? 
Get it? I keep it. I like, how do you do that? 
And then I wanna figure out how to do what Mr. Duggan did, which was multiplied. That's how I worked with this guy for $2 billion. He told me in February this year was like, this year I got from two to eight and I get a 4x. 
He was wrong. He underestimated what would happened by anyone from twoX to 12 two billion to 12 million, right?, I get it. I gotta keep it. 
It's hard to keeping it. they're gonna keep pertinent the deep leg and down. If you don't do anything with it, how do I multiply that? Not incidentally, not I got a million dollars an hour I get a million, $10,000 now. 
I want to get a million, thirty thousand dollars not keeping up with inflation. that one, okay? And the best thing you do is probably what what bottom is also, your own business. What your purch this business? 
With our 25 years old, 18 years old, 15 years old, who is grand card good? How much confidence do I have? How much extoration in the marketplace do I have? 
Do I have I don't want a market to communicate? These are basic skillsks. in my insurance. okay? This is not going public. 
How much personal spirit and energy do I have? Can I wake up in the morning? Can I get in front of me or can I push through? 
Can I have any traits of courage and discipline? Now if you ask me that motivation or discipline, I keep your motivation, I just make the discipline. The ability to vite them inde to show up whenever, no matter how hard it is, okay? 
When I don't want to, we're not hurting, when I tired.? How many of you think the ability to just drink the genius and discipline would be invaluable to you? So don't complicate this. 
These your basic spiritual human characteristics. How can I develop those things, okay? Now, this is I have this big target and it is $10 million under management, whatever, okay? 
The way to get that is when this with this, it's people it is impossible for you to get your target without making contact without. Maybe you should need white people, or you need to not like it. okay? And tell them you don't like it, okay? 
You've heard them say you heard and say I have a go to help eight billion men. It's not actually, my goal is not tell me. That's not what I said. my goal is to get eight billion people to level who I am, because I cannot help them. 
In fact, half of them do not want and not take my help. How many you know people not accept won't. You tell exactly what's. exactly what exactly.. 
They don't take your advice. They want your box, but they also on the dogs, yeah. They're not ready to check. 
I cannot help everybody and neither can you, but I would still have a target to reach them. How can I retainability at in our company? And by the way, I started to do this just 12 years ago, somebody in the room star is Today in 12 years, the goal was eight billion would come up sharp, definitely eight billion people don't know me, nobody knows being china, nobody knows being Taiwan, nobody knows me, most people don't know me in Australia. 
But after the eight million people, I successfully got about 150 million people to know. That's what we think that's what we think actually looks at something that we go on Instagram or TikTok. How many times have you heard leaked in leaked in this weekend? 
How many have you noticed all the professional financ people, they don't mention Instagram and Facebook and TikTok, all of them, four times this weekend you heard, you can find me unlinked in. 150 million people are gonna see some dumb shit that I had online, sitting on wing the plane, throwing cash off the top of the car, doing a serious podcast with somebody, talking about the COVID or the vaccine or MAGA. something they're gonna see me talking about some homeschooled with my kids, figuring out my marriage. I got my little dog dood something, they're gonna see something. Why? 
Why am I do that? Because eight billion people have dogs, marriages, all these things they dropped for. You out of those 150 million people just so you guys understand, only 156,000 people actually be visits with you. 
It's a point zero one% closing reg, okay? . zero one% of the public that knows need is the opinion. Now, out of that, 15,000 of them invested with the actually 18,000 out as of this weekend. 18,000 give me money, okay? These people give me about a thousand bucks a person. 
These people give me about $500,000 a person, okay? And then there's another, um, what, 15 times 15 times one and a half is what, about 20, 22 thousand? 22 thousand of them rents something from me. 
Right? These these are your numbers, but what was the connection? The connection was it a target a target that I was willing to communicate? 
Who who achieved my target? MyG communicating to people? There's people all these are people, these are not numbers here. 
Now, when the insurance gentleman was speaking today, Brandon saying, I wonder how many other own you guys were bad insurance. Is Brandon there? He ran and asked me? 
they provide rent insurance? I'm not providing those 22,000 people that rent for me your re rent. They're buying so. 
How many you having church?body in this? 156,000 people that buy a product from the thousand product from a year. $150 billion a year in is little company. 
How many of those people do you think insurance, home insurance are insurance,ental insurers, huh? I did I do? I just built a big business. 
What's the most guys that worth this business? What is it? is the people. 
You guys are underestimating value, you? All businesses in. How many times can I have you? 
How much can I communicate? What can I talk about? What I talk? 
So if you're flying under the radar, how many even talk this as a kid flying the radar, don't get too much attention. How you killed that? told me that over to the rad don't get too much. 
How many radar't too much? The person that told me is the in the river and get too much. The mostful confidence in the attention. 
Go go, blue, Facebook. Gotcha company doesn't get attention. Now, the individual might not get, but in the very beginning with rock and J. 
JP. a person I't Tommy H, you know of the Tommy did not know that it was a human attached to name with people connected with people become your business and the number of units the number of you communicate with that you can serve that you can have. This little business right here, this little distance right here, this 15 is 18,000 number. These are investors. 
These people they need one5 billion dollars in there. China you're in the room will be right now. Bob Doug was watching you build this building and scratch. me in a very first beginning I been happened. 
I had raised no money. at 1.5 billion I raised more money from these people. these people who wanted to invest with me. Where did they come from? These people that those people come from? 
These people on the Internet on YouTube, X and Instagram. How many of you could have done that in the room? How many you could have gone on these commander like that hit and just post information? 
You could have.. Would you have to have committed to the target. This whole thing works when theermine what is your target is not the mechanics or how many church works or how many new public. 
All that can be figured times, whether it orensions, whatever the gym business, the medical business, cookies, any cancer, rolling out of vaccine, we figured out how. you do it through your communication. You're gonna communicate people. How do I need to make the people? 
I don't? How do I get confidence? How do I get the motivation? 
How do I get the discipline to actually communicate? What am I talk about? What's your story? 
And that's the truth, if you wanna the target, one you gotta admit to the target, you gotta get examples about the people so that when you give up on this target, how many people people quit on your target at some? raise a hand, if they'it? I guarantee you'll equip. 
What what's should a quit or somebody they' not gonna quit? You're gonna quit. You will quit, folks, okay, how many do you think you're gonna quit somewhere along the line? 
How many things you're gonna wantit? Oh yeah, you goddamn right, you gonna wanna quit. And the moment you wanna quit, you will quit for a second and then you'll have to start over again, but if you have somebody put you along the way, maybe you don't quit right now, bro. 
How many people you don't fit you could sell? Okay, I'll just drop the target look at. How many done that? 
Yeah, they bring couldn't get it, you got hard, you got diffic, you got tough, skills are good. The kids are crying, you're tired, and you're like, shit, I'm just gonna drop a car little bit. I'll just lower the target. 
I wrote about this in in the connection, what do you do? you increase the activity don't drop the car. Get a firm target, whatever your target is, I'm gonna reach eight billion people. 
I'm gonna reach a billion people. it's impossible for to do that know that right. Impossible. I reach. 
I don't have the time. I don't have a language. I think it's impossible. 
I don't think I can actually achieve it. I can still go for everybody. Oh, by the way, if I did another business with you guys in this room, that I was the target if I don't give up. 
Oh, wow, I have to be in 189 countries, you? in in that many languages. Oh, have people around. this is what. 
What did they do they what they know? so for those like? wife, why. 
Jesse Water. Okay, you guys watch theest work? So so my wife who I is double myself, okay? 
I'm here, but she's gonna be Jesse works. I'm helpinging. I'm like, they're gonna ask you about you like. 
And you're gonna say, because I know how to do this, so I'm gonna help my wife. You gotta get attention? Attention and money your identity, you get it, you keep it and then. 
She's gonna get ownship. She's gotta keep Justin's attention, and then she's smart, she'll multiply by something she says. I said, when they ask you about Mark Cuban, you're gonna say this. 
Mark Cuban is a little bitchended tens of millions of women. Mark Huban may be a Trojan horse for the trunky ofain, and one reason he went in a land. said that uncomfortable, doesn't she' elegant. doesn' talking about and I said that Harris had piphampers and you're like, man. horrible up. and the public building.m saying, you guys need to.tal and I'm just looking for the. I need to walking the ground. 
It would set me the way they would this, I'm almost scared everybody. I with my investors. I create a a platform. 
I'm like this is everything I is. I understand? Every price that we offer, Iciness again. 
N. The $25,000 worth of for the 12 meetings and you guys come with us N. made. made up every symbol that you have in the evil language was made up. A DCD, EFG, one, two, three, four five. 
They're all way up. All this stuff was made up and screened out and up. It was a concept, it was it was a kid, it was like, I don't have any money on aritson game. 
Monopoly. What's that gameine you play Brandon? Bad, back me Brandon.. 
It in the bill. How many of you play back the do the Pitt, the 12 r roads?? pull up speed up? 
everything made. How much guys? Can you make the I'm going to reach eight billion people? 
I'm mut. I do that. And I know this, what I run about the people who are doing gets easier. 
How many gets easier to send it in a room that has got $12 billion. a big deal to put down in. like this time I meet somebody that' them. I' never seen. Anybody that success, they not. 
You're pushing it. I just phrases, man. You know what it would take and they to have twelve billion. 
Okay, to have twelve billion, like in like $12 billion dollars, $12 billion, most of you can't write it out and zeroes without double checking yourself.. $12 billion, you would have to make at least $25 million for yourself. And to make $25 billion for yourself after taxes, you probably have to produce somewhere. What is that? 
What do you think, Bob? How much money do you have to produce your25? Fort? 
But how much with the investors? How much the rest of the world?, no problem he hasn'tability, he's created hundreds of billions to end up with a piece of it. fraction the value of the company that build. just value the cookie company. What was that company? 
I there for monet. but the cookie company, the cooking company, the cookie company that probably made a couple of million dollars. be indusias. The first fuel spirit the spirit will wow, sell was I mean, it was sellingers. It's you go from a wiener to. especially a black wiers. 
Okay? So, so on saying is this really like, if one person can do this, how you do this, is there a money for everybody do it? What does it happen? 
Have you told this all the time? What if everybody's rich, okay. why not? sounds like a good deal to me. 
If everybody in America was rich, what America be better? 100%? But we gotta give people the hope, gotta give them an example, and we gotta give us on. and you gotta have support. 
When you leave here, you're gonna go back to a world and just not tri it, we put on on. eight terrible foods right off. Watch terrible TV. Most of are under hypnosis of the media. 
You can't, you. It's terrible if you have. We want you to stay connected to us so that when you have questions, we can help answer. 
When you lose your motivation, you can have a shoe, okay? I want this. I want this for you guys. okay? 
I want to ext stand myself with other people. If I stand myself, my my money will be on, my life will be. But the service that I do the service that I give you, I could live through other people, and you couldn't get to. 
But first we're gonna get you successful, everybody right? We gotta get you in, everybody agree. No, no, help me outenant. 
We gotta make you successful., man, you get you. You gotta keep from stupid. stupid comes along but don't buy a watch. Okay, you're gonna buy a watch why don't you just invested your company. 
The watch ain't gonna make any money makes you look I remember a guy, 24 year old guy wanted to be with me. guy shows up at money and he tried for a year to get this meeting, then he shows up at my office at a rolls roast. Okay? Tony comes in or any so and so is here. 
I said, oh, really, so? Yeah, he drove up and drew up in his the. Rolls, I'm looking at.. 
He's to pitch an adid and he got. He wants to meet, comes in and says, I said, the rose, what's the wrong about? He 24 years old a big thin band or something. 
Nobody else would. I'm like, what that cost?5800. 
For what? For the weekend? said joke? 
I said why is a video? You' dumbass. I got your dumbass, come back, come back when you grow up,ub dest. 
I wouldn't knew that. It's a wrong car, did you remember? Are you trying to show up? 
You gotta show up? I don't care about it watch. I don't care about the shoes. 
I don't I hey, can you execute an idea make any email? I all the way can you ask for it, you're gonna need you're gonna need legal, you're gonna need account, if you're gonna go public, you're gonna need Wall Street, you're gonna need a high communicate? You're gonna need friends, you're not going on this trip by yourself, you're going anywhere closer to these numbers, you're just playing anywhere with these or even hundreds of millions. or even millions, you're gonna need legal, you're gonna needing, you're gonna need insurance, you're gonna need support, you're gonna need systems, you gonna need people everybody we wanna help them. 
We wanna help you get the X as fast as possible. Can you shut the level a quick? The best thing I can do is build my ecystem throughout of here. a solution to every problem and every every drainment every target I have is through people. 
To build more these things that are connected will people on stages doing our annual growth conference, our love conference now, Cardio Capital, Card capital was the smart inc better career because I send people money every month. We've become a partner, we have $5 million worth of real estate. I will end up being the largest pay apartment owner in the country, and I will do it with other people, regular people, not insurance companies and pension button in in golden Saxon J. 
This would be the first time at scale, this is evident Matson with regular everyday people.. and technically typically been on New York life met by state farms or massive tri. There will be now knowned by the people, not the institutions. we can do the same thing with these businesses. Imagine that this was 100 businesses, HM, plumbers, uh home services, life insurance, dental car contractors, hundreds of them, okay, and we take them and put them all together and we go to them all street and say, hey, we have some, and off. 
And they're like, and it looks like crilled, okay? Because that's when it's whale Z, whale D print. Okay. 
And I asked myself, we could sell the Wall Street or we could oh, we could become Wall Street. Main Street could become the Wall Street.. So, that's what we're doing now ined if we need us people li with us, we need other people, regular, everyday people, common, ordinary people who need extraordinary things. 
We want help you. We might be comp with us, and if we want to support you, wanna help you. it's up to me.. but we need we need great people to have right. I want today that real, they're gonna bring some on. 
We're gonna try to get a handful of questions in here back this as possible. To nextel love it you haven't haven't worked with our people to be more of that. our first well conference our next one is gonna be May, and we're not sure in the destination, so I'm not gonna tell you where that is. We've got a couple ideas. and then the second and next year will be in December. 
Yes, sir..... recognition. I have more support more valid. only go to have made people. next year is not the next, that's that's the thing. So we took all everything everything on a part of the universary and we're making a kid for an eight year old, ten year old, 12 year 15. 
Let's take your program that help you scare around around the world to getar, understanding possibility. but let's not forget the adults., some of your parents and granddarents need to read the 10 next kids. a gonna get the part of the anniversary. so look like the schools are not gonna do this,olks, if I try to get to school program, for the school do whatever I have now, you operated the US military for fre. said three years to get cost. be three yearsret to get it. And if we get through because the systems so screwed up. how do do that just the public? You don't need you don't need the school system, you don't need the government. 
You need the people us, and you guys are not, and senators and the commer all the middle the time is run in the next office. They literally ten minutes after they take their seat if they're London again.? I'm 66 years old, it's on bullshit. 
They ain't gonna do it. You're gonna do it or you're not gonna do it. You're the only one that blank, okay? 
You're not gonna do it by yourself, and you're not gonna do it if you just stay black, but you just stay brown or you just stay white. So you you black on this? you're gonna fit. 
It's too small, okay? You you ladies, you cannot be a lady only business, okay? If you can you can get money to wax a woman and should give money to wax a man.medi government business. 
Big reiness. That serve the public, serve the public, okay? right, we wanna help you guys. this way we can put on the next kids. 
We gave you a copy this book by the way. we're of that connection. is how version of a million. here in our offices with other ch bringing kids from all across the country into our offices and educate people how to get money, how to keep money, and how to buy money. And I tell you, the money language, the money language, these kids that are covered from inner cities and these about money, they become very, very interesting. and very young agees, eight years old, 12 years old, because they're seeing these hugeers make money. They're hearing stories. they're seeing kids take care of moms. 
They're seeing kids are saying that they don't have to be MI golf players, they don't have to be in football, they don't have to be rappers, they don't have to be friends, they could actually be business people. So, I think we by the copyretcher. Yeah, we're gonna sh the kids book. 
We're converting all this into kids right now, so we keep the fronters in the see. a friend we're translate that book and video because we know every kid in America has access to one of these. This is where they. I'm trying to get this is theunk adistration, when you go ti or you go to YouTube or you go to Netflix and you go to Amazon crime when you open it up, boom, you on top the government can actually mandate that and say, hey, you're gonna show up. 
We're gonna educate kids, little kids, coddies, or whatever they call them. I've been talking my kids, my kids know how a new cat, right on a a barue.ger. My kids worked with my company and half since they were six years old. my kids are tax riders. 
They may not just freeloaders. So they' go reload of wide up. I take the money I hid him, 36,000, but I' started at 36 grand a year. 
They have a contract that they have to buy. newertification of the company. and then when I do is I take a 36 grand, I put it in a car on capital, and I sitting in the dividend area. They want to buy some shoes and like, you have enough money in your dividends. I don't buy the shoes. 
The shoes are about to ask. I't buy. buy shoes, not. So, how did you get get super rich? 
How do you think that would get attention to kids that don't have? like, how about? That's how you hit them. 
You hit them where they're at. Then we take that contact with those kids that don't know how to read, and we're like,ey, let's put it in the video. let have eight year olds like we trying to translate everything right now. not to another language be an eight year old would deliver to an eight year, a year delivered to a year, year old delive follow up,ifying, how real estate look, a 17 year old man got a 15 year old kid onugs. it's peerus. you understand? It is a peerush the best pressure in the world is purebrush from the same world. and so that also a positive peerbrush, not. 
We wanna have positive peerbrush on. How many you were with us every day? Give me. 
Do you that? Weucks a month just once a month for three hours a month for the next 12 months to talk about wealth, how do we think you're welcome to we want to invite you to join us.herardo, and scale. We want you guys to road scale it so that we become in this room a force in America where we democratize wealth opportunity and education. 
Thank you guys so much for being here about you.. volunte”